 lfc fan should not be allowed to leave liverpool ever.. litteringlondonwaiting to watch the mighty lfc nervously waiting i might add. come on you red ave it. - rt samhoward_smith so 2 hour till kick off and i m starting to feel nervous. well this is gonna be a fun 5 hours. lfc facupanyone know how big this screen is at anfield today lfcrt chelseasehwag now wba will give roy his farewell gift by beating arsenal. spurs will lose amp draw one. we ll finish 3rd believe .. essafc why are you guy so interested in the final its not like united is playing in it you support united only so just saying cfc chelseafc my twinies getting ready .. to be able to scream goal up chelsea cfcwembley facupfinal hope lfc smash cfc in the facupfinal today. hate dimatteo the bloke still not took the knife outta avb s back nufc toontoonrt chelseafc it s facupfinal day and is there a better feeling than another cfcwembley day feeling confident blues fan sl another wembley fa cup final for lfc today come on you reds ynwa kennethdalglish glen_johnsonrt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc richard_buxton_ what do you think about today s match i think lfc should win their second title this season. estoesanfieldrt naziho_torres9 the spotlight are on chelsea tonight we are the famous cfc and we are going to end liverpool s history tonight c ..come on debbiefewell need to get home for facupfinalhope lfc can bring back the facup to anfield this afternoon good luck boyrt cherry_vios facup final lfc v chelseafc wembley saturday 5 may 2012 ko 23.00 wib live program_mnctv ..my school is all red and kenny is our teacher comonreds lfc ynwadoes espn really think that chelsea fan really live in chelsea facupfinalrt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcreina torres torres would have regretted leaving liverpool lfc - via theasiankop facup live on two 3m wide bigscreens clubrileys rileysbristol park st w casino blackjack poker bristol from 8pm  facupfinal live at 12pm - come watch with u liverpool chelseacounting down to kick off facupfinal lfcforthedouble daniellewarby ko is 5.15pm in uk 2.15am syd. telecast start at 1am. ynwa facupfinal facup countdown under way on tv so we d best play catch-up. few prediction flying around. who s got one for u quote our odds amp get a rt.86 dan rt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigreds jamesgilmour can t wait to see how rdm line chelseafc up. i d love to see drogba amp torres upfront. -- it ll make no difference ynwatry to forget the loss by switching to the facup just to see ryan giggs running through the entire defence from 99 somethingsneverchange adamphillip_ same here bue didi and lamps blueisthecolour cfcfeeling messi football referee are on the street giving you some solid tactic facupfinal choosewellfa cup final in 2 hr 15 min lfc ynwawembley is red lfc ynwa facup lfc_id luis16suarez dirk_18_kuyt glen_johnson adidasfootballtoday is going awful sloow. hurry up 5.15 lfclewis entering club wembley lfc rt officialsf1team wishing all the best to chelseafc in the facupfinal wembley let s get the trophy let s do this chelsea. cfc ktbffh facup finalsvictory is near than tomorrow lfc ynwart bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcjus passin wembley stadium good luck lfc ynwart heidycfc i m buzzing facupfinal cfcwembley up the chelsare you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcrt thisisanfield rt if the pre-match nerve are kicking in lfc facupfinalonce a blue always a blue up the blue cfcrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again bet is on 3-1 to cfcliverpool fan banner for today s game facup jft96the facup to lfc is like the pl to mufcgreat match from the epl a arsenal tie 3 all with norwich city at the emirates stadium now we wait for chelsea v liverpool facupfinalhere s an awesome cfc chelsea chelseafc fan shared image on fancite  henrywinter front of 10 cfc v lfc fa cup final programme.. drogba v skrtel tn pnds rbbng gts mirrorfootballrt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcrt espntvuk 1 ryan giggs goal against arsenal mufc afc facuprt redstrots we love you liverpool we do we love you liverpool we do we love you liverpool we do oh liverpool we love you ynwa lf .. ollyofficial you watching the game later who do u want to win lfcdreading work tonight facup correlate to a busy fucking shift. and i support lfc so i can t watch it fuckkpoll 2 rt if you wish to see maxi in the starting line up today lfcrt stephendellow doesn t feel like cup final day fa have ruined the importance and meaning of it letdown cupfinal facuprt saifuddinabd wah rt muhammad_alias tonight team saifuddinabd v team idrisjala_ ynwa facupfinal so now full focus on the big game tonight hoping for some suarez magic tonight lfc ynwart umbro to win signed andy carroll speciali boot just rt this message before the end of today s facup  lfc may the force be with you liverpool lfc facupready for the game cfc v lfc. c mon you blues rt officialsf1team wishing all the best to chelseafc in the facupfinal wembley let s get the trophy liverpool will win hanhanjiejie_tm lfc v chelsea tonight. ynwa ready teruuss rt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigredsbuzzing for the first drink with marc_winfield and the football facuprt bensmithbbc if lfc win the fa cup today it would be dalglish s 28th major honour at the club. cfc have won 22 trophy in their h ..rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc lfc lfctv countdown to kick off live from anfield southback home for the holiday weekend to play golf and be pampered. hope the pampering will take the form of wine sleep and a thumping lfc wini wonder if setanta and sbs will have the same commentary for facupfinal lfc cfcrt chelseafancite here s an awesome cfc chelsea chelseafc fan shared image on fancite saints v.s worcester drinking game before the facupfinal drinking game.. deffo gonna be lionel messyrt officialsf1team wishing all the best to chelseafc in the facupfinal wembley let s get the trophy getting the double cups will save our season..come on mighty redzz lfc avwestwick blue is the colour cfc rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc johncrossmirror wether we deserved it or not wa a clear pen on rvp ref making simple mistake that are costing million of poundrt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcgetting nervous for the match s come on liverpool lfc ynwagonna miss the facup final today cuz i m in church.. blueisthecolor cfcon the metropolitan line to wembley and it full of reds. lfc facupfinalrt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcfinally sat down with vino ready for cup final cfcrt ziyaad_lfc from maradona with love ynwa lfc i need a volunteer to keep me posted on the fa cup final lfc all the way cos u a lfc fan. dnt hate bro relate lanskyleone abeg make newcastle and tottenham go champ lge jor its my wife birthday and ive let her watch all the match build up since 8 o clock ..i know dont i spoil her and shes a lucky girl lfcare ya chelsea or are ya liverpool facupfinal rebeccafmusic liverpool fan - you ll never walk alone via youtube come on liverpool lfc cfc come on chelsea fa cup is r . love u 4 eva x davehughes05 mickgelhardt lfc who asked you ha ha behave or i ll send my mate miketyson round to sort the pair of you out thanksmikepal liverpool as our backer lfc go for their dream today we go for ours please sign petition for debfibs are key rtwhatever happens at this facupfinal you know terry amp suarez just gonna go to their rally after the match pair of cunton our way to wembley wearing our new fresh suit facupfinal coyb i can see a chelsea win here pub lager liquidator ..sweet cfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt gigipetite1 happy sexysaturday zoo_uk thanks for the lfc gigibum rt zootwitties  hiroonakamura darrenarsenal1 that with a pinch of salt. i still think eboue is good enough for uhere we are cup final saturday. chelsea v. liverpool for the facup. come on chelsea cfc ktbffhrt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigredsfinished work goona settle down with my keg of heineken it can only be the facupfinal comeonliverpool rt darrenarsenal1 that draw epitomises what s been wrong at arsenal mediocrity reign a lax will to win .. rt sarahjamesm009 how on earth did bert trautmann play on with a broken neck puts some of today s nancy boy to shame. espn facupred bull fry up newspaper wembley love it facupfinal cfc15 min till coverage start facupfinalrt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcrt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcfa cup final today. i wonder whether terry and suarez will swap white hood after the game. facupfinalshit club no history excitement buildin now in the house fa cup final come on red men lfc ynwa home for the footy. facuprt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfctoo excited about the football lfcrt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcchelsea vs. liverpool fa cup final preview lfc ynwathis facupfinal best not be shitrt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc dean_neeyo blatinwo m sure chelseafc would be smiling.. not only do dey have the chance to win the ucl.. they can also kick arsenal outrt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcrt chelseafc send u your pic of the day using cfcwembley and we ll rt our faves a always. facupfinal sl  lfc good luck in the final today. i m from chile and i the number one liverpool s fan here. i ll never walk alone - us can do it i m there rt jamiedalton82 bonfire at mine tonight. bring your delia cookbook - we can make a start on that lasagne a well.suppose i should leave the pub and start making to wembley come on the chelsea ktbffhdi matteo bouncing back cfc rt mrdreamcatcha 7 500 and more..and still counting cfc all the way rt easportsfifa retweet if you want chelsea to win the fa cup .. chelseafc win or lose today i m still proud of yall even after a terrible season still managed to reach 2 final cfcright the twit are having a nap well they re in their cot . time for a bit of the giro then the build up to facup skynews is live at wembley for the facupfinal. jimmy tarbuck on the tv in 10 min lfc cfc 2 hour till hopefully i see my captain fantastic lifting the cup lfc  ynwa rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc2hours 15mins to kick off lfcsiiaapp rt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigreds supergossi with chelseafc s jason cundy amp frank sinclair.. come on you blues 2 more hour in singapore for the final and hopefully 90min to lift the cup lfc dirk_18_kuyt glen_johnson lucasleiva87 luis16suarezrt redsmail come on ye reds lfc john terry first and last goalscorer. liverpool to win on penalties. punt facupfinal jamietipsterwaitting chelsea v liverpool facupcome on liverpool hopefully smash the rentboys up lfc ynwaa little over 2 hour till ko in the facupfinal - pre final nerve kicking in something moyes and the rabble that follow efc ever suffer.it s 3pm on cup final day. but where is the cup final lfc cfc facupfinalrt chelseafc seems to be drying out in nw london. fingers crossed cfcwembley facupfinal sl well i m going to sing abide with me now even if nobody else is. who s with me one..two..three.. tradition facup jamiedalton82 do you think kos-verm work a a cb pairing personally i don t.. facup wtf is that this for real whattodo rt adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool ..rt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcjust watched thor. only captain america to go. avengers will have to wait til tomorrow night. gonna check out the competition in facupfinaltrain full of scouser and my home town all liverpool pubs. wtf cfcabsolutely rt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigredslooking forward to the game today. come on chelsea cfcrt syaukiazim liverpool ynwa lfc dan bloom dbsoccernet is live on siriusxmsoccer s92 x207 talking the beautiful game arsenal norwichcityfc chelseafc liverpoolfc.coverage start at 3.15. therefore only 15 minute until the final lfc ynwa cussen_1991 not gonna make the warradale mate. had a change of plans. enjoy if you watch the game there. facup lfc ynwart liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfccome on lad lfc all the way ynwa sarkyfecker get on it i m feeling much better for 3 pint of peroni lfcrt craigmills92 excited for the facup final. come on lfcrt ez_oppa we won 3 fa cup in last 5 years.. cfc rt fadodc facupfinal live at 12pm - come watch with u liverpool chelsea  mattlawexpress no he did not - show why u write for a crap paperrt sarmad0201 rt this if you wish to see carroll starting for lfc today .. lfcrt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigreds ashptaylor chelseafc hjwestle pipe down ash hannah will be drowning her sorrow tonight and i ll no doubt be celebrating cfcrt chelseafc send u your pic of the day using cfcwembley and we ll rt our faves a always. facupfinal sl bring home the cup chelseafc good luckso excited i hope torres score cfcwembley can t wait elni otime is going so slow can t wait for the facupfinal come one reds lfcwaitin for chelsea - liverpool today cfc facup final today c mon reds lfc carowozniacki are you ready for the big game hope we can show them who s bos today lfc ynwa2 hour to go facupfinal lfc cfc chelseafc must win on the final of fa cup d finalfacup chelseafcrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcrt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcthe last three time lfc beat everton on semi final lfc went on to lose all three 1950 71 77 lfc eve cfcthis is anfield malaysia redslegacy yrmy ynwa lfc rt jojosuherman degdegdeg rt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigredsrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt chelseafc rt torres support u chelseafc rt wilberthoward chelsea-liverpool ambe mana if u love ur club show ur logo daa daa dancing cfcdo chelsea fan really need plastic flag to create atmosphere and sticker to create rivalry no history no class. lfc cfc facupfinalrt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc3 hour before ko cfcwembley curry is on gonna get a few tinnies and watch 2 great inconsistant team should be a good game facupfinalrt fadophilly facupfinal live at 12pm - come watch with u liverpool chelsea a few game of pes on the ps3 before heading out for the match lfcrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt thefadotcom the fa will donate 1 for every facup final match programme sold to the charity cardiac risk in the young cry_uk htt ..rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again dear jackie. that goal wa far from scrappy. was a very well worked goal. dry your eyes. yours me. icf lfcrt fadoatlanta facupfinal live at 12pm - come watch with u liverpool chelsea right time for cup final build up come on liverpool lfc chelseafc good luck boys. we need it rt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigreds chelseafc go blue cfc auto champion league ticket without playoff ucl facupfinal cfc. may 19th sure datewem8ley ynwa lfc liverpool_indo bigreds_iolsc skybet what s odds on a torres hat trick facuprt chelseafc agreement reached to sign german international marko marin cfc sl on route 2 the pub come on liverpool facupbig day for lfc. good luck to the lad rt chelseafc send u your pic of the day using cfcwembley and we ll rt our faves a always. facupfinal sl  cfc haha. caught in the act boredom  cass006 richardshimmy juzybatt well the game wa obviously showing in australia. are you staying up for the facupfinal let s do it tonight cfci am ready facupfinal lfc ynwa ah 15 00. perfect natural time to settle down and watch a nice traditional game of footb.. oh facupi m ready for the final lfcrt olivepresslpool we re open amp will be football free if you wish to avoid it. i won t be in i ll be singing lfc ynwa we r ..my tip of the day - fernando torres to come up trump for cfc todayi will be watching fa cup while on holiday. doesn t matter where you cheer from doesn t matter where you are - ktbffh cfc facup rob_emanuel ollymassey84 rpcm91 just hope chelsea don t win the cl final 4th spot looking tense now. think gerrard is key for lfc winrt thefadotcom stats in today s facupfinal match programme are provided by optajoe - this will be the 31st meeting between cfc amp ..rt chelseafc it s facupfinal day and is there a better feeling than another cfcwembley day feeling confident blues fan sl liverpool-chelsea head-to-head lfc wins 73. cfc wins 56. 33 draws.chelsea v liverpool mon you blue cfcrt fauzziimaulana go chelsea rt chelseaunite tonight final facup chelsea v liverpool ko 23 15 wib live at mnctv espn we re gon ..all chelsea fan let s support our team in this crucial fa cup final cfcwembleyliverpool is are religion anfield is our church lfcrt fadoaustin facupfinal live today at 11am - come watch with u liverpool chelsea olenu aykemoorexx getting ready for the final let s get this boy cc chelseafc if lfc win the fa cup today it would be dalglish s 28th major honour at the club. cfc have won 22 trophy in.. rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcif you want to feel buzz then watch some lfc video on the youtube. worth it. lfcit s nearly time.. suddenly feeling nervous lfc lfctwitterfam lfcvcfcrt henrywinter front of 10 cfc v lfc fa cup final programme.. drogba v skrtel rt cfcchants frank lampard the general you got to salute him soldier cfci still hate loserpool more then man shitty come on chelsea make my weekend start off well d cfcrt damianamarley waitin for chelsea - liverpool today cfc aidanwyliemcc liverpool fan - you ll never walk alone via youtube come on liverpool lfc omino_joel ongorroh arsenal carolradull samohanga true_gooner10 fmuamba mcfc win the league and cfc win the fa and champsleaguecup final should b good. loads of goal please facupbig day for the mighty cfc. we need to win today don t we all want el nino to get the winning goal ktbffhfull detail of today s fa cup final coverage on espn itv and sky 3d facup latest work - a5 flyer posted this a it took a while cutting around footballer individually and a im a lfc fan rt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcrt chelseaunite tonight final facup chelsea v liverpool ko 23 15 wib live at mnctv espn we re gonna make this a blue day curt timlovejoy oh well at least all u oldie have great memory of the country stopping for cup final day. facup markmoraghan as our backer lfc go for their dream today we go for ours please sign petition for debfibs are key rtthe cup final day interview frank lampard cfc chelsea v liverpool don t miss it facup 23 15come on you red men do u all proud lfc facupfinalcould care le who win out of liverpool and chelsea.. facupfinalrt cmceachran hbtnoles look like i m going to hit up tomahawktally for the cfc lfc facup final should be a decent group therert metzz131 my love towards chelseafc is uncountable. this feeling will never change. cfc ktbffhwin or lose i m proud of my team liverpoolfc ynwa lfcnervous lfcrt chelseafc it s facupfinal day and is there a better feeling than another cfcwembley day feeling confident blues fan sl drogba go down more than terry s ma lfc cfc ppoffers sst.listen liverpool to lift the fa cup 3 1 pricegasm lfc wow. tempting odds.down here nice an early but it s raining in ldn guess we ll have to go the bar then. prematchboozer lfcmy best wish to chelseafc for the facupfinal against lfc.fa cup day lfc ynwacome on liverpool d facupfinalchelsea fan can join the chelsea live match chat just before kick off here - cfc chelseafcnot keen on this later kick off for the facup.2hours till the big game come on you red ynwa lfcrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again form is temporary class is permanent lfc let s bring home the fa cup and make it a season to remember ynwa redmenlet s go get this cup baby cfclooking forward to some class build to the facupfinal oh..it s on itvrt chelseafc send u your pic of the day using cfcwembley and we ll rt our faves a always. facupfinal sl rt woodfloorclean if you spill your beer celebrating a goal clean it up 10 off with code facup lfc cfc biz .. vincent_agan hearts at risk are so many cfc afc thfc ncfc mcfc mufc. some fan are suicidal let s be on the lookout and savealife2 more hour till the facupfinal.. so nervous lfcrt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcdoesn t seem right. cup final day and ko isn t until 5 15pm. to top it off it s on bloody itv. facup worstsportscoverageintheworldrt cfcstuff chelsea have won all 6 fa cup match played at the new wembley stadium. cfcbleau is the color goo chelsea from ecu chelseafccannot concentrate for a second longer. work away shirt on tele on nerve going i love football lfcrt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off  lfc about 2 hour left time is going super slow now hurry up lolrt dstv who will leave the wembley stadium facup champions chelsea v liverpool on ss3 from 17 00 quietly confident we can dick the blue scum lfci see gigi salmon on ctv ha discarded that hideous dual cfc lfc scarf. she wa adorning earlier. what on earth wa she thinking just realised i don t have espn and will have to put up with adrian chiles on itv mute button will be in use facup mattlawexpress worth a try nufc chelsea4girls 2 girlies in pub a mile from wembley. this is where we will stay next to the open fire while the boy sit in the cold cfctried to forget about it but the stomach just gone facupfinal lfc imkhoolikethat whoaa hoo lfc you guy will walk alone hahahaart chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off rt alialhabsi big cup final today chelsea v liverpool i wish good luck to both team and i m sure it will be a great game lfc cfcrt menofshankly to cfc you have won 22 trophy in your history. kenny ha won 28 alone.come on chelsea beat liverpool i hope liverpool get hammered facupwait chelsea v liverpool facupfinal lfc the rain is falling in london but it hasn t dampened liverpudlian spirit outside the national stadium a red easily outnumbers blue danny_razz a soon a it touched the tongue legion if u fancy facup johncrossmirror be more concerned and fight when he comes. he is too lazy rudedog86 wot score today facuprt cfcstuff chelsea have won all 6 fa cup match played at the new wembley stadium. cfc henrywinter did you say 10 wow facupfinal johncrossmirror this is also known a the ramsey diaby denilson almunia syndromert espntvuk phil dowd inspects the wembley turf ahead of the facupfinal between chelseafc and lfc rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off can t wait to see liverpool get thrashed tonight lfc cfcnerves are really kicking in now. come on liverpool lfc wembleyrt adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool .. shaunamuamba fmuamba how lucky you are my club lfc will show it character we are the underdog but we have character. enjoy  jordanrollocks walk on with hope in your heart and you ll never walk alone.. lfc facup buzzing lfc liverpool fan in fine voice in the pub around wembley. here s the scene outside the torch roll red  facup no le than that right now just about all is smart rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcfor those asking my team is liverpoolfc let s go lads.yes i m from merseyside and yes i will be supporting chelsea. facupfinalfa cup final liverpool vs chelsea hehehe lfc come on reds  lucasleiva87 when you back for u lfc jamiedalton82 surprised he wasn t in the team of the yearwalk on walk on with hope in your heart and you ll never walk alone you ll never walk alone.. ynwa lfcrt thefadotcom the fa will donate 1 for every facup final match programme sold to the charity cardiac risk in the young cry_uk htt ..rt stamfordsally15 i chelsea fc. let s paint wembley blue and get our first trophy of the season ktbffh cfcwembleycan t bring myself to support chelsea or liverpool today..would be nice if they could both lose facupchelsea v liverpool. who will win facup final keeptheblueflagflyinghigh wembley ustazazzatidrusgo the blue chelseafc chelseafc go blue from florence - you ll never walk alone let s go liverpool lfc foxsoccer ynwa lfcvschelsea facupfinalsif you re wearing a half amp half scarf then you are a complete and utter gobshite. facupfinal lfcjust the news mentioning liverpool and facupfinal is enough to wake pete from his slumber  liverpool lfc anfield_talk empireofthekop any team news from villa fan lol gt gt gt rt mattlawexpress everyone asking for a villa favour - jeez you re desperate nevergonnahappen mattlawexpress villa can get a draw tomorrow right got to say that liverpool fan are some of the best in the world lfc2 hour 5 min lfc wheregonnatakethecupaway liverpool go get them red delvano lfc rt bradleycousins genuinely scared for the match lfc ynwaglory is all we know goaluk cfcwembley johncrossmirror because wenger is stubborn amp the more the fan demand it the more he resists he also seems incapable of teaching defendingfew quid on downing 1st goalscorer facup final 25 1 with paddypower with money back special if suarez score norisk facupfinalshare u a pic with the lad can t wait for the game chelseafc cfcwembleyrt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off rt chelseafc rt andrewcollins80 leaving for wembley nervous but pretty sure we can do it comeonyoublues cfcwembley ktbffh wemble chubbyaloneso hahaha first agger now skrtel. what brought on this murderous mood cfc fan beware d nah surprisingly i like my family.rt rickyh_96_lfc come on redmen make it a special day for our club and it fans. please dont make it too stressful wishful thinking ..and suddenly suddenly nervousness kick in facupfinalfancy chelsea 2-1 facuprt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off suarez is a cunt facup wembley factstill keep thinking he patrick keilty though espn facupfinallistening to woman john lennon cause lfc is my first my last rt luketraynorecho good banner. s appenin wembley lfc wembleyrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt syelaw kicking off in melbourne at the liverpool supporter club at the imperial despite the 2.15am kick off. come on you reds. lfcrt cfcstuff frank lampard on the fa cup final to win the fa cup will be tough but i m determined to do it and keep our form going ..rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt menofshankly to cfc you have won 22 trophy in your history. kenny ha won 28 alone. johncrossmirror injure ramsey aw someone s getting ready for the facupfinal cfc rt joshhall8 nervous for the match but confident at the same time lfc facupfinal comeonliverpoolon the sesh for the mighty lfc facup 8 tequila 12 pints. gna get very aggresive if we lose lolon the way to wembley come on you bluues cfc facupmade my day seeing a sign that say s appen wembley lfccomeone lfc let win this ynwa drum finger the facupfinal seems to be a bit late. i m sure it ll be here soon though. look at watch rt graze2type rt lfc the rain is falling in london but it hasn t dampened liverpudlian spirit outside the .. to be honest id rather we didn t snaptheflags. had enough bad press this year. lfctorres to bag the winner fate cfcgreat morning- essendonfc win afldonslions now time for lfc to win the facup. go on liverpool ynwa cc jamesaviaz whatimissmost liverpool in the ucl. ynwa lfcheading home after a few beer build up for the facup and top 3 coming soon ynwa liverpoolfchope liverpool win tonight lfc chrishewitt jeremydrysdale may the best team win and all that shite x cfcrt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa big day for lfc. good luck to the lad ynwart adidasuk lfc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the chelsea fan l ..outside the shankly gate i heard a kopite calling.. lfc ynwagetting ready to go pub an get messy whilst watching my boy rape liverpool with no lube cfcfinding distractions.. can t watch the fa cup final too tense liverpool chelsea facupfinal come on you red keep the blue flag flying high come on chelsea cfcall the king men are marching again lfc kennysarmy lfcfamily mrjakehumphrey have you met the wonderful maryjessmusic who s singing abide with me before the facup  chelseafc what time is the facupfinali liked an youtube videofrom chelseafc chelsea fc - team news pre liverpoolready for this fa cup final. ynwa lfcwoaah di retweet rt liverpool rt hidro20 done rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc  fa cup final today come on chelsea cfc teamblue ashley cole is an achiever with chel since leaving now cl awaits him. rvp d bridge awaits you. at least one trophy every two season cfcrt riannabell keep the blue flag flying high cfcwembley chelseafc off to the pub in a bit gonna watch the red win with thomnorth and rob and wait for the girlies to come out at about 7 lfc ynwart chelseafc it s facupfinal day and is there a better feeling than another cfcwembley day feeling confident blues fan sl  lfc common today we an get that second trophy of the season. ynwart sillyseason best banner today cfc lfc ktbffh ynwa rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcrt lampsindofans can t hardly wait for the match chelsea facupfinal dbeyond nervous now lfc chelseafc let s go blues  facupfinal come on you redmen nervous chelseafc chelsea give me something to cheer of tonight. 2-1 victory too night chelseart bluechampion chelsea fan can join the chelsea live match chat just before kick off here - cfc chelseafc chelseafc come on chelsea u can win u are the best i am gonna put my chelsea shirt and enjoy the game that u r going to win d let s go safe journey to family amp friend en route to wembley lfc ynwacan t decide who i want to start.. didi or nando cfcclub wembley remembers the good time facupfinal lfc we will emerge champion 2day cfc wembley.  lfc just a everyone will be famous for 15 minute so everyone will manage chelsea eventually. lfcrt redisticwear about 2 hour to go facupfinal lfc wembleyrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again so follower facupfinal. who you cheering liverpool chelsea or neither  dixonfasola well when you live in europe you have too choose a team. i choose chelseafc watching some geordie shore to pas the time. the day s started well it could turn out amazing facupfinal lfc mattlawexpress get big emile on the phone and tell him to deliver one of this performance like he did in munich all those year ago  kaiserjonny agh57 nerve settler - sat in local with brother in law who is lfc - ha to be done in work but still showing support 4 my beloved blue 1st of 2 trophy heading bck to the bridge today chelseafc yes will call u after the lfc game rt raythorpesa 2kwik4uwp zee we still on for that ride in the am tonight fa cup final chelseafc v liverpool be there guy talksport former liverpool captain say league position is more important than cup win lfc lfc have beaten cfc couple of time this year..and comprehensively too. just got a bad feeling cfc are due a win.rt chelseachadder im standing next to elvis from the chelseafc stadium tour on the tube. chelsea cfcrt liverpool rt hidro20 done rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc come on you red facupfinal with love from mexican chelseafc fan to liverpool ynwa you never win ashit come on blue cfcwembley yolo_soenjoy barackoblue ok followback cfc mate doneon my couch watching lfc s cup highlights. the fan are awakening the butterfly in my tummy soo nervous now..our club. our crest. our life. lfcare u red or blue rt leratomoen as the time draw closer..nail-biting moment facup phattphil jontitley toothy13 tommylad80 chewstarmatt perkotay nejscot all ready for match. cone on lfc  chelsea4girls chelseafc nice  sebkeenan skeeny91 when s the 55 facup final party starting  facupfinal come on chelsea come on chelsea come on chelsea cfcrt scottmatthewman quietly confident we can dick the blue scum lfccan i stay awake for facupfinal .. rt misslisaxx5xx shit club no history excitement buildin now in the house fa cup final come on red men lfc ynwa will be mostly doing anything other than watching the fa cup final come on chelsea the lesser of 2 evil facup bnpplayersshirt on..drink chilling..football song on..let s do this..come on chelsea cfc facupfinal chelseafcout for a pub lunch load of people in here already for the facupfinal later  fleetington achauvinistpig who do you fancy for the cup liverpool for the kup 3-1 facupfinalrt chelseachadder im standing next to elvis from the chelseafc stadium tour on the tube. chelsea cfc chelseafc just to let you no you havnt won the fa cup yet dont get you hope up yet. come on lfc jamiewilk0 hailingballrt itvfootball at around 4.15pm today in our live facupfinal show today - adrian chiles interview miracle man fabrice muambaare you ready for the final lfc lfcts liverpool 3 chelsea 2 lfcfamily lfc2wembley lfc sonysix is not available on tatasky how the will i watch the facupfinals lfcrt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off liverpool on pen rt fifagamernet so who s going to win the fa cup today let u know facup lfc cfc fifa12 wish kenny announced the team earlier he always leaf it so late. lfc ynwart dstv who will leave the wembley stadium facup champions chelsea v liverpool on ss3 from 17 00 liverpool fc we love you facupfinalawkward feeling chelseafc will win today s fa cup but it will not come easy. eamongrimes fuckin right my good man. not long to go. i m well looking forward to the big game. come on boys. lfc ynwa thefadotcom bet police are sitting there watching the cfc lfc fan get drunk thinking we have to clean this mess up facupfinalwork done for the day now to get back and watch liverpool win our second trophy this season lfcpitchside for espn craig burley gus poyet rebecca lowe john barnes and kevin keegan facupfinal rt rileysbristol facup live on two 3m wide bigscreens clubrileys rileysbristol park st w casino blackjack poker bristol from 8pm .. gazza33 ha ha yeah you shouldve done vino here after our egg benedict breakfast cfc facupi know i am i m sure i am i m blue until i die chelseafcrt stamfordsally15 i chelsea fc. let s paint wembley blue and get our first trophy of the season ktbffh cfcwembleywhere s the team news should be out v soon lfcrt aimanwgaskarth 2hr to facupfinal kickoff three o clock. why hasn t the cupfinal kicked off have i got the wrong weekend facup mattlawexpress ho way man vivaheskey rt garysmith13 excited to see lfc take home the fa cup. beatchelseart lampsindofans can t hardly wait for the match chelsea facupfinal dstarting off cincodemayo right. cheese egg before the facupfinal keep everything around me purple.rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off i will be happy to see chelsea win today then lose the champion league final facuprt matt_scott11 at wembley stadium more red than blue atmosphere is amazing facupdegdegan rt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigredsmight be mile away in the desert but i am still going to a liverpool pub lfc facupmy blood pressure is now beginning to slowly rise lfc dannywillo162 your money on the red men today lfc facupfinalrt espntvuk phil dowd inspects the wembley turf ahead of the facupfinal between chelseafc and lfc tweets from lfc player past amp present. nice work by lfc facupbestthingthatcanhappentoday chelsea to lift the facup cfc ruddyforengland yeah make perfect sense his first clean sheet came 19 game in this season against a poor cfc team. greatshouttwitter..rt chelseafc rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off  mattlawexpress yeah most of these people haven t seen villa play at home this season luckyforthemtwo hour til kick off facupfinal.wembley how far what s the odd of chelsea winning l pool by 3-0 today and torres to score 2 goal facupfinalkick off in just over two hour huge huge occasion facupfinalbricking it for later.. lfcdidier drogba a an young lad getting some coaching. facupfinal  kariq1200 hahaha so who s ur pick facupfinalrt thatsagoal if you think chelsea will win the f.a cup rt this tweet. chelsea cfcnerves are building.make or break game for our season. lfcrt menofshankly to cfc you have won 22 trophy in your history. kenny ha won 28 alone.los ultimos 5 campeones de fa cup han sido blue chelsea x3 portsmouth man city cfcwembley.rt ficklefootball are the americans ready yet for the facupfinal .i hope so.. all this waiting is for them budweisercup2 hour to cup final. very nervous. lfc ynwatube to london is full of liverpool fans. even the girl have big perm and moustaches. facuprt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off hair of the dog come on u red ioannou1234 xx facupfinal lfcfuck of chelsea fc you ain t go no history lampard fat rest are que your not welcome over here.. lfcim ready.. ynwa lfc rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc  chelseafc come on you blues huge came tonight can t wait for another trophy in our cabinet. facupfinal cfcwill there be a minute silence today for triggs facup triggsnot excited about the fa cup final yet there s more at stake than just a trophy you know.. lfc cfcrt juniorbrat liverpool fc we love you facupfinal  drewski1980 gearing up for a massive booze up. gutted i m not wembley bound but.. caseofsol facupfinal headache kennysarmy anthemcup final today. pumped lfc lfcfamily facup cfc entirely can t comprehend this particular. rt chelseafc andrewcollins80 leaving for wembley nervous but pretty sure we can do it comeonyoublues cfcwembley ktbffh wembleykings appenin wembley .. hhahhaa that banner wa the one teamscouse lfc ynwacl final wembley next season will they bring the fa cup final forward another week not the season climax not the comp it was. facupgod forbid me support cfc mykelistick obianoray cfc form still dey o.. join today and get one trophy freert jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again thanks i m from indonesia rt liverpool rt hidro20 rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pic lfc  sarkyfecker gutted for you going cold turkey through today tell you what i ll have a couple for you lfcand kkr beat pune by 7 run .. another amazing match .. good day today d now to the final go chelsea facupstyling the slap head facupfinalbuzzing for the match come on you scouse lfc ynwa timlovejoy so met up with simonrim at wembley facup you guy going to be fresh for sundaybrunchc4 rt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigredsarrived..wembley let s bring the cup home lfc what odds can i get on both racist scoring today facupfinal cfc lfccome on lfc. come on chris john.2 hour till kick off lfc ynwart elliswhiting come on liverpool ynwa facup mattlawexpress ur team will relegate don t be so happy about it eddy_neal you may have built that but when you try it out it will all fall to piece cfc lfcall round the field ot anfield road where once we saw the king kenny play ..and could he play kennethdalglish lfc ynwa jft96i believe chelsea can win this game facupfinalrt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcrt stamfordsally15 i chelsea fc. let s paint wembley blue and get our first trophy of the season ktbffh cfcwembley ryanbattle haha fair enough i ve put 10 on lfc and dug out my old shirt fro 05-06 season ynwa just spoke to my mum amp dad. they are at anfield eagerly awaiting the facup final kick off on the big screen. come on lfc red rt chelseafc rt andrewcollins80 leaving for wembley nervous but pretty sure we can do it comeonyoublues .. go liverpool rt neynayusoff waiting for facup chelseasehwag you always give me reason to believe more in chelsea i believe cfc benf11 i have gone for ivanovich and gerrard for first goal i couldn t decide so have had a punt on both facupfinalgo red lfc from colombia..2 hour to wembley. comeon you redmen lfc buzzing facup lfcrt itvfootball at around 4.15pm today in our live facupfinal show today - adrian chiles interview miracle man fabrice muambanervous lfc ynwa facup2012 come on you reds. please  lfc can t feel i discovered this specific the fact that there s people in my close with chelsea shirt on really know how to annoy me wembley lfc come on boy lt 3hope cfc win the cup always better for a big club to show their classhoping to celebrate a happycincodemayo with a cfc win in the facupfinal two hour till kick off. ynwa lfc itvnews reporter just said rdm would get the job almost permanently if he won facup how is this possible this day is dragging big time 3 hour till kick off facupfinal lfc anfieldsouthyes please rt jgarant great morning- essendonfc win afldonslions now time for lfc to win the facup. go on liverpool ynwa liverpool get stuck into these chelsea rent boy ynwa lfc  onkar91 mate don t complain. lfc are mile worse i m kinda nervous facupfinal cfcrt espn chelsea-liverpool start in ten hours. meaning our team s already at wembley. follow espntvuk for behind-the-scenes tweets. ..6 5 partyshow - we re talking fa cup tonight with sam pang ed kavalee and santo cilauro facupquick walk with the dog then off to watch lfc win the facupfinal with dwaineperry ynwatalk about nerve facup ynwart bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcthe last time lfc got to a fa cup final.. mood fa cup final . nothing else matter lfclooks like kennethdalglish is looking after my lad on cupfinalday lfc  lfc lucasleiva87 luis16suarez big evening for the reds. wishing all lfc success all the way from nigeria come-on guys let take this rt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafci liked an youtube videofrom chelseafc chelsea fc - blues news headlineon the hill over looking wemberrlee. 3 pint and a burger down. it s building up and the celery is flying. cfc carefreeat wembley ready for the fa cup final. come on liverpool lfcalright sat time. hoping to see a seriously good match outcome when i get out. come on lfc bring it home ynwawhat i would give for a 42 second wonder goal today blueday cfc ktbffhtonight facup final chelsea v liverpool wembley live mnc tv 23.15 ynwart chelseafanscol los ultimos 5 campeones de fa cup han sido blue chelsea x3 portsmouth man city cfcwembley.rt shaggyibiza got to say that liverpool fan are some of the best in the world lfcrt officialsf1team wishing all the best to chelseafc in the facupfinal wembley let s get the trophy rt espntvuk pitchside for espn craig burley gus poyet rebecca lowe john barnes and kevin keegan facupfinal two hours till kick off .. can t cope .. facupfinal lfc lfcgot my chelseafc jersey on.. make me proud blues.. in de matteo we trust .. facup2012 then munich2012rt menofshankly to cfc you have won 22 trophy in your history. kenny ha won 28 alone.rt liddellpool my blood pressure is now beginning to slowly rise lfcrt zakijude ready.. ynwa liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcc mon liverpool big game today lfc cupfinalok shh.. facupfinalrt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc  petermcdowall10 you were on espn when they put the camera on isj talking about cup heroes. upstagedthesaint lfcit s 16 year since the spice boy facup final. and the suit still look a bad a they did then - if cfc win today lfc will come hard on them tuesday. if lfc win today cfc will fight harder. what a pathetic situation this is. afci m readyrt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigredsahh my first beer ha gone down..taste like more cmon u red lfc facupfinal chelseafc god bless you for this night go for fa lads.. lfc hope all the player today play with pride for the lfc shirt.2hrs facup prematch build up.. beauty - let s hope itv don t ball it up a per usual justsayinrt mrjakehumphrey shh..surely no-one will notice if i borrow it for my mantelpiece will they.. facupfinal not a bad view on cup final day facup  bethloveys support chelsea cfcsaw a penny lying in the car park. just had to lift it up today lfckgd rt deydado gerak dulu. rt kojattftw double boo rt larnkristich boo rt deydado sir i m kinda pumped up for the match. cfcrumours that carra will start. lfc jamiedalton82 premier league pundit in being clueless shockerlove the build up to the fa cup final facuprt danwalkerbbc kenny dalglish ha never lost to chelsea a a manager - 13 game in total lfc cfc facupfinal statrt neilolivier getting nervous now. come on redmen lfc2 hour left untill kick off come on you reds lfc cfc fa ynwart ashsh petermcdowall10 you were on espn when they put the camera on isj talking about cup heroes. upstagedthesaint lfcsome serious madness over facup don t understand itfinal fa chelsea v liverpool 22.30 di mnc tv cfccome on chelsea cfc iand1905 shame having to cancel a minute s silence due to no respect with cfc fan the majority ruin it for the minority amoebart vickyvette yes..me in a lfc liverpool lfc reds jersey gt rtrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt luketraynorecho good banner. s appenin wembley lfc wembleywe are ready for fa cup finals. come on liverpool we will all walk together after the win at wembley lfccome on you blues cfc facup final preview wembley is all set for the showpiece event of english football. red or blue who ll it be this day is like an eternity have yet to eat don t think it would go down well roll on half 4 pints facup ynwart timlovejoy so met up with simonrim at wembley facup rt adamrichman wishing i could bring myself to like either team in today s facupfinal - if i were a crip or a blood i might be able t ..i should have arranged to be at wembley stadium today to see chelseafc lift the fa cup. cfcwembley baseallstar more hopefull im not a excited a i thought id be need more beer then thats me geared up lol 4-3 lfc ynwathe fa cup final lfc v chelseafc go lfc go..you will never walk alone ynwart chelseastats rt alrickbrown since 2006 frank lampard ha scored more goal than any other player in the fa cup 19 . chelsea fa ..have to dvr the fa cup final cant watch live cuz ill be singing in hammond. go lfc  linztilstj alec lindsay great left-back. i think i know which final you are referring to but won t say out of respect i wa there. lfc2 hours until the 2012 fa cup final. lfc thefinalcountdownreally excited now. i m hopeful of another memorable day under the arch lfc simonrim timlovejoy he ll look good in a lfc strip on sundaybrunch tomorrow. mpharry just flipped to lfctv now ..god i m really spoiling her know lol lfc ynwa jft96rt jacknield not keen on this later kick off for the facup.rt liverpool rt hidro20 done rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc rt thisismaay and so now destiny call u all road lead to london again we ll tread the path of legend inspired by an eternal flam ..chelsea today facupfinal vs. lliverpool. let s take it home blue rt lord_boothby chelsea fan delicately stoking the flame ahead of facup final. cfc lfc jft96 jft39 rt adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool ..anyone like the look of this today cum on you reds lfc ynwa jimmy tarbuck live on skynews on facupfinal day at wembley lfc cfc rt thisiswebbo to the point banner forxtsi afternoon regarding cfc fan chanting murderer at hillsborough silence last month lfc ..i went to battleofthebands in gloucester last night and didnt get home until 7am my head hurt ive got to get it together for the facup.rt pompeydockyard thanks rt katetayloritv meet falkland veterans pompeydockyard and watch on meridiantonight we re on earlier to ..rt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafc a_lost_irishman neither although i d rather see chelski win than the dirty red is there a way they can both lose facuprt mrdreamcatcha rt alrickbrown since 2006 frank lampard ha scored more goal than any other player in the fa cup 19 . chelsea f ..going to miss the facupfinal gutted mattlawexpress a draw not even the slightest chance  johncrossmirror wenger doe not want him to impress so he won t be called up for euro or olympics alex_oxchambo afcwhere off the cup final and our little carl bradley is at creamfields in oz good day for the lid all round lfc creamfields ourcarllet s go chelsea chelseafc facupfinalgates opening in 3 min lfcany prediction for the chelsea vs. liverpool match facupfinal2 hour left till chelsea v liverpool facup final at wembley webelieveinchelsea wewillbechampions cfc wembleyisbluert bensmithbbc if lfc win the fa cup today it would be dalglish s 28th major honour at the club. cfc have won 22 trophy in their h .. cristina0ana jamiedalton82 arteta would have helped if at 3-2 he wa on arsenal wouldn t have conceded the 3rd.missing cfc s final again.. torres score one for me baby rt expekt no goal in the facupfinal nor the milanoderby this weekend don t worry we refund your stake on selected markets. ..come on the reds two piece of silverware will look good in the cabinet lfc ynwafa cup final day. looking forward to it up the reds. lfc ynwa mattlawexpress lets be honest spurs are a better team amp 3rd would have been flattering for us. still hope you can suprise urt lfc liverpool fan in fine voice in the pub around wembley. here s the scene outside the torch wembley way lfc facup  darryl_thfc keithashley4 gt gt bad day for the red side of london would say i will be supporting the blue side later but i d be lying lfccome on you redmen let s win this cup lfc ynwaitv switched on bring on the build up and get away with the uni work for now lfc facupheart a big a liverpool. bets are on. essay writing ha stopped for the afternoon. let s bring it home boys. lfc lfc in which can this move  facupfinal time should be a good game .two more hour to goo. chelsea v liverpool facupfinal norwichcityfc fantastic result falconsrugby come on boy lfc counting down to kick off johnbishop100 as a celtic supporter i hope king kenny and the boy do you proud today also i just want another reason to laugh at jt lfcshall be supporting cfcwembley this evening. come on you blues. and dimatteo is one lucky manager. things have gone for him. offside goals. barcelona missing sitter etc. hope lfc can burst his bubble its goin off on da train facupfinalchelsea chelsea .. we re gonna make this a blue day cfchello again wembley are you ready to rock cfcwembley biggerthanbonjovi cfcfa cup final news there will be handshake between john terry and luis suarez. cfc lfc facuprt richardfrosty tweets from lfc player past amp present. nice work by lfc facup beers on to go going to be an awesome day watching lfc beat cfc in the facupfinal this could get messy too.so annoying when you are trying to study but all you have in your head is the facupfinalrt mrjimmycorkhill two hours till kick off .. can t cope .. facupfinal lfc lfcrt chelseafanscol los ultimos 5 campeones de fa cup han sido blue chelsea x3 portsmouth man city cfcwembley.cmon chelsea. let win another fa cup cfc lt 3unconfirmed torres will be on the bench for cfc in the fa cup final.come on liverpool make it a double lfcrt paulburkelfc memo to lfc fan at wembley do not use the plastic flag provided. we don t need them and never will. ask rafa lfc ..footsteps of our father anfieldsouth facupfinal lfc cristina0ana jamiedalton82 if you combined the other arsenal mf s their iq would be half of arteta salmost time to fire up the facupfinal brunch it s for the kids.. but first bacon run. right. lfcrt kenpootcfc chris cohen - the david luiz song chelseafc ktbffh cfc utcrt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcrt menofshankly to cfc you have won 22 trophy in your history. kenny ha won 28 alone.rt talksport former liverpool captain say league position is more important than cup win lfc cfcwembley facupfinal 1hour more..come on liverpool lfcand the nerve have kicked in massively now lfc comeonyoureds ynwart adamrichman wishing i could bring myself to like either team in today s facupfinal - if i were a crip or a blood i might be able t ..gotta be watching the fa cup final build up lfc tommyhoop where you watching the red men lfcrt naziho_torres9 2 hour left till chelsea v liverpool facup final at wembley webelieveinchelsea wewillbechampions cfc wemb .. fiveenil come on you blue cfcgood luck chelsea cfc ktbffh lfc features anyone utilised this there you go nobhead lfc facupfinal ynwa jft96 can t wait to watch chelsea vs liverpool d blues the greatest d chelseafcso i m still not sure what time k.o is i presume and hope there s a minute s applause for adam yauch. facup ripadamrauchcome on liverpool lfc liverpoolout with all the family having dinner and then we will be off to the pub lfc cfc passion plastic snaptheflag facupfinal ynwa facup final babaay  facup come on u red hope there s alot of goal in the facup drogba torres and suarez to all scorea good 2 hour to go. might a well get some work done. distraction needed to calm pre-match jitters. facupfinalwill be a great weekend if lfc lose today and mufc lose to nufc tmrw d ggmu mufcrt abebakay i am waiting on you chelsea chelseafc cfc vs liverpool lfc the rain is falling in london but it hasn t dampened liverpudlian spirit outside the national stadium a red easily outnumbers blueoh my gosh i m so nervous it s crazy facupfinal ynwart j_jones_a come on today is the day to take the trophy home ynwa lfc hinchaslivfcmex liverpool let paint the town redprediction for tonight boy alunpickett bainesy87 libertas86 scousebud joshuaholley248. i m going for 2-0 chelsea facupfinal mattlawexpress sure one of the 8 full back playing for you tomorrow will score believert sigmund63 today s drinking essential lfc facupfinal lfc rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again couple of hour left till kickoff cfc still repping at the gym chelseafancite chelseafc can t wait any longer.. gna die of the anticipation.. hurry up facupfinal lfcfor lfc sake i hope we win tonight if we don t 50mill or more will have to be invested into the squad or a managerrt chelseafc it s facupfinal day and is there a better feeling than another cfcwembley day feeling confident blues fan sl now it time for the big boy lfcright now wishing i wa at wembley so bad. lfc grocerjackuk kaiserjonny it s the only option if this wa the old day it would have kicked off 15 min ago. cfcwembley cfcrt adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool .. stephoneiy enjoy the cup final liverpoolwillwinthekopfinal ynwa lfcthe build up is starting now d facuprt adidasuk lfc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more .. countdown till kick off t minus 2 hour come on liverpool lfc cfcliverpool to win suarez to score 1st 50 1.. fingerscrossed thefacup lfc cfcwatch live facupfinal between chelsea and liverpool is on air now on itv1 and online here cfc lfcso which racist are we rooting for tonight facup bbcfootballomfg so nervous ynwa lt 3 lfcas the match time for fa cup final aarives my heart is beating lot faster than it usually does. pray for the blues. chelsea cfcwembleyrt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafc mita_13 rt jaka__sembung go for fa lads.. lfc rt chelseafc it s facupfinal day and is there a better feeling than another cfcwembley day feeling confident blues fan sl rt bensmithbbc if lfc win the fa cup today it would be dalglish s 28th major honour at the club. cfc have won 22 trophy in their h ..you will never walk alone lfcrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again  richardwisker4 you looking forward to tonight match chelseafc to win rt if you think so too wembley wembley facup cu 2hours before the game lfccmonn youu red lfcwe re on the march with kenny s army we re all going to wembley come on you red fire up and let lift the facup lfc ynwa darrenarsenal1 ramsey disgust me with his lack of hustle and composure. can t keep the ball shoot from 6 yard or track back on defense.2 hour of build up for the facup get in. 2 hour of adrien chile and itv advert fuck sake luketraynorecho good banner. s appenin wembley lfc wembley hughesylfc stesharifianwould you believe it arsenal can now go 5th i know they can do it and they will cfc afc liverpoolfc liverpool look who we saw d rt bensmithbbc if lfc win the fa cup today it would be dalglish s 28th major honour at the club. cfc have won 22 trophy in their h .. samuelljackson me amp some fury s nawlins avengers screening today look at what he s wearing lfc facupfinalrt adamrichman wishing i could bring myself to like either team in today s facupfinal - if i were a crip or a blood i might be able t ..liverpool to beat chelsea come on you reds itscrunchtime facupfinal liverpoolfc 2 hours 15 minutes. cfc facupfinalrt abebakay i am waiting on you chelsea chelseafc cfc vs liverpool2 hour until kickoff lfc2 hour to kick off facupfinalcome on chelsea chelseafc ellaurelle hey l hope you re all well are you guy doing anything special for the final today have a great day. lfcreally want lfc to win because the chelski fan abuse of the justice campaign is so low cfc noclass nohistory and when ra go nocashit s football day facup footballrt tamartotty really classy chelsea really classy. facupfinal lfc cfc  espn s coverage of the facupfinal is dog shit it all about itv baby rt lampsindofans can t hardly wait for the match chelsea facupfinal d2 hour until the start of chelseafc s demolishing of liverpoolcome on chelsea can t lose to liverpool there absolutely dog shit. cfcrt officialsf1team wishing all the best to chelseafc in the facupfinal wembley let s get the trophy neerves i m thinking a tight 1-0 to the chels - drogba solo special i do hope i m right fucking hate liverpool cfc dirtyscouserscelebrate football with a bit of english sparkling class. nyetimber is awsome facup facup .. whoop go lfc rt pi_ka come rain or sunshine lfc are going to be the 2012 facup champs in memory of my dad the greatest liverpool supporter uurrgh i feel sick. please reds not only can you be player that did silence those chelsea fan hero in the making make it happen lfccome on you mighty reds ynwa facupfinal wembleylondon calling seems the appropriate record this morning. facupfinal ynwa lfc facup two contrasting colour clash today in tha final at new wembley stadium it promise to be exciting kick-off at 4 00 pm or 1600 hr chrisdyer01 joe_ransom boarding now. see ya soon tweeps. and. come on lfc ynwa yes i m ready. walkonwem8ley rt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigredsabsolutely shitting myself for today game comeonchelsea cfcseven collar tshirt - faith.. best song and still waiting the time to come keep faith lfc facupfinal wembleycome on lfc 10 00 ticket sold to watch the match at anfield lfc finalno 3pm kick off for cup final. what s next no abide with me facupi want a fernando torres hattrick or winner. he s suffered a lot of unnecessary abuse. facupfinal2 hour till thefafinal lfc ynwa chelsea-liverpool fa-cupfinal cfcthinking of the fa cup final.. i ve bumped into this cartoon from 1915 football facup wwi cartoon  julieferguson85 i hope you are ready for the spectacle of world sport known a the facupfinal hope you enjoy your first final cfc mattlawexpress you re not wrong. after villa last season i thought i d seen the last of this shit.taking l1 l2 arsenal call from 5pm on talksport whilst stancollymore keep you updated on lfc cfc at wembley thingsbetterthansex watching a lfc match at anfield.  screamingbar good luck lfcrt chelseafc it s facupfinal day and is there a better feeling than another cfcwembley day feeling confident blues fan sl  oscarbath chelseafc cunt facert adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool ..can t wait to see chelsea destroy liverpool today in the facup best case scenario.. newcastle finish 3rd and cfc win champions league only one team in london rt menofshankly to cfc you have won 22 trophy in your history. kenny ha won 28 alone.rt robstoneonfox arsene wenger looked like he need a hug. arsenal gags. 3rd is wide open for nufc amp thfc . facuponfox next on ..rt thatsagoal if you think chelsea will win the f.a cup rt this tweet. chelsea cfcrevision done slowly getting there with this spanish oral. time for the facup ccoatesy13 1-1 full time suarez first goal. moneywheremymouthis drunk facupfinal chewbaksthere liveforeverrt truebluesindo tonightt fa cup final wembley chelsea v liverpool. sabtu 5 mei kick-off 23.15 wib live at bpl_mnctv don t mi ..come on en lfcrt itvfootball watch live facupfinal between chelsea and liverpool is on air now on itv1 and online here cfc ..come on the chels facuprt yousef_qpr fa cup final news there will be handshake between john terry and luis suarez. cfc lfc facuprt itvfootball watch live facupfinal between chelsea and liverpool is on air now on itv1 and online here cfc .. facup launch me personally from the soreness. haha. how nut whattodo arse is twitching at this bet james_babble still confident though cfc facupon the train to wembley thinking of ma boy rob_bish believe cfc themediarock the very same i have the joy of explaining clemence a well never let a 17 yo name your child lol lfcbring home the hardware chelseafc wembelyking kenny ha never lost to cfc a a manager. that stat s just gonna continue.. 2-1 for the irony i m going torres goal elninakauserless than 2 hour to revise until the fa cup final come on you red lfc chelseafc let s have a 3-0 today lad2 hour left till kick off chelsea_liverpool facupfinalgetting too nervous for the game will go mad if we win today facupfinal lfc2 can of v down and still 2 hour till kick off.. facupfinal lfcit should be made law that the fa cup final is always on bbc1. same with england games. it doesn t feel right. facup itv1so nervous. facupfinalto everyone supporting chelsea..may you all die of blue ball yeah even you female red to the heart and blood may god bless lfcbe somebody love that song theenemy facupoh my god oh my god. the build up start now facupfinal lfcrt chelseafanscol los ultimos 5 campeones de fa cup han sido blue chelsea x3 portsmouth man city cfcwembley.watching the fa cup final build-up. my heart is racing now omg. come on chelseafc cfccome on chelseafc we win today and celebrate into the early hour facupfinalwe all feel nervous but that the special feeling. we are liverpool fc and we never walk alone. ynwa lfcrt seifserry 2 hours 15 minutes. cfc facupfinal2 hour left so fucking nervous.. cfc facupgutted i missed the arsenal norwich game looked mental facup time2 hour of build up for the facup lovely stuff cfc coybsrt bensmithbbc if lfc win the fa cup today it would be dalglish s 28th major honour at the club. cfc have won 22 trophy in their h ..rt luketraynorecho good banner. s appenin wembley lfc wembleyhope we smash the scum come on red let s bring the cup home lad comeonreds lfcrt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off fa cup coverage starting on itv1 cannot wait for a nice red victory ynwa lfcrt gunga__din disappointing amount of half amp half scarf from our lot. who are these people and why and how have they got ticket .. shearer_lfc yeah it s this daft kick off time mate once they walk out you ll be feeling it 10-0 - lfc ynwart umbro to win signed andy carroll speciali boot just rt this message before the end of today s facup rt chelseaunite wembley wembley facup cu two hour of a gloating baggies troll before the match start itv facupfinaltoday s team reina jonno skrtel agger enrique. hendo spearing gerrard bellamy suarez downing lfcjust stuck 5 on lfc to win the fa cup today shwett ynwa lfc coyr carroll9fansc mon liverpool facup alrickbrown since 2006 frank lampard ha scored more goal than any other player in the fa cup 19 . chelsea facupfinalwinning in sixth place nigga pls el_swaggnifico fail rt call_me_biodun support the winning team teamchelsea cfc d rt mj2fr3ak anyone but the fool aka liverpool. the pensioner are okay by me facup finalrt mauicape you ll never walk alone let s go liverpool lfc foxsoccer ynwa lfcvschelsea facupfinalsfrom someone who is usually reliable- reina johnson skrtel agger enrique henderson spearing bellamy suarez downing lfcrt pheling08 rumoured lfc line-up reina johnson agger skrtel enrique downing henderson gerrard bellamy suarez carroll.i m in hua hin any recommendation for place to watch facup final don t wanna watch alone in the room. wanna be with the crowd. lfcthairt empireofthekop rt richard_buxton_ inside wembley now. pitch look excellent. stationed near lfc end today cfc facupfinal ..hungry mehn gtta eat b4 our mtch.. cfc all d way baybie  lfc i hope liverpool can win the game in normal time so we don t have to sit through another penalty shoot out - go reds facupfinalrt lfc here s our exclusive interview with lucas leiva and charlie adam at lfc s team hotel this morning don t even know who to support today in the finals..always had a thing for supporting the underdog though so maybe liverpool facupfinished my second math past part of the day in time for the fa cup build up lfcand newcastle were undone another archive gallery - this time the 1974 facup final lfcrt alkisah alkisah reds corner - about lfc is out top story today via thechelseablog livechosport kashmi ..uu takutnyee onlyinmalaysia malaysia d stall corner restaurant and cafe  facupfinal chris_stamper1 pub are rammed red everywhere redforaday mattlawexpress it bleedin better given nufc are destined to beat mcfcgoing to watch the facup - not sure who i want or care to win loland newcastle were undone another archive gallery - this time the 1974 facup final lfc excited facup andy carroll to get the winner.. it gunna happen sayin we wil do it meanin we wil win the cup is one thin and doin it is another thing chelseafcfa cup final between liverpool v chelsea. go go lfc ynwa ncfc draw at the emirates a much more significant result on the season than today s facup final will beitv shite facup intro is shite. thingsbetterthansex cfc winning the ucl this season. lfc liverpool thisisanfield theredmentv lfc have done u proud in the cups when the fan cheer listen amp your hear 96 more jf96ynwart liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcrt menofshankly to cfc you have won 22 trophy in your history. kenny ha won 28 alone.rt chelseaunite wembley wembley facup cu come on you bluees chelseafc cfcoff to wembley lfc facup lucymcgetts chelseafc unbelievably cute even though the team s all wrong.rt vtomtom liverpool better play to they re heart content today lfcexcited for facupfinallaunching cisc bali.. d welcome to the family.. ktbffh cfcrt naffyboy two more hour to goo. chelsea v liverpool facupfinal2 hour until kick off.. facupfinaland newcastle were undone another archive gallery - this time the 1974 facup final lfc grassoveloce and yeh hoping for an entertaining match. think cfc will edge it. both average team so should make it opensteven gerrard suarez showed that he s a world-class player. at the moment i wouldn t swap luis for anyone in the world. lfcrt bensmithbbc if lfc win the fa cup today it would be dalglish s 28th major honour at the club. cfc have won 22 trophy in their h ..2 hour to go facupfinalchelsea need this bad today facupfinal chelseafcfinally itv s coverage starts. i remember when you could start watching it from 10am. facup2 hour for the final come on chelsea cfc ktbffh facupfinalrt mrjakehumphrey shh..surely no-one will notice if i borrow it for my mantelpiece will they.. facupfinal rt adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool ..well itv and adrian chiles about to squeeze the last drop of romance out of the facuprt naziho_torres9 2 hour left till chelsea v liverpool facup final at wembley webelieveinchelsea wewillbechampions cfc wemb ..rt chelseaunite wembley wembley facup cu rt hforhaiqal liverpool a victory please lfc ynwaand newcastle were undone another archive gallery - this time the 1974 facup final lfc chelseafc cmon you blue let s have atleast one successful team in west london. fa cup first then the cl. bluesfamily facupfinal come on liverpoolsemoga menang.. you ll never walk alone.. lfc for some reason i have the same nerve a istanbul for this game lfc ynwaexcited about the game . chelsea facupfinalwhat time the facup final on  tomreemmarge facupfinal fuck em all fuck em all united west ham liverpool cfc chelseafc come on jt lamps n drog. spine and heart of out team. we will win cfcinjury news lfc adam and lucas confirmed out. cfc cahill amp luiz also out.firmly sat on the sofa scarf phone and pint of tea in hand. fucking bricking it. come on you blue facupfinal ktbffh blueisthecolour cfcmore if bpl were mad men mufc don mcfc campbell cfc hmm cooper thfc is harry fittingly. nufc is cosgrove.gutted i m missing all the build up to the match ynwa facupfinaljoor oo rt iam_ubermale teamliverpool joor rt enzojaylini eibizee iam_ubermale chelseafc s fa cup match ..  facupfinal today paulmartin83 can u reveal a sauce come on is it red or brown -d lfcrt dylanol fa cup final day ynwa lfc wembleycome on the pool lfc facupfinal ynwalet s go bro facup  facup facup facup woop woop overuse of punctuation and caps lfc best of luck ynwahmmnn..gearing up 4 the much expected n anticipated facupfinal anyways let the bestteamwinis on her way to wembley to watch chelsea win the facup boomnervous facupfinalrt a_garner88 luketraynorecho good banner. s appenin wembley lfc wembley hughesylfc stesharifianfinal build-up in 38 video lfc lfcblore ynwajust 2 hour left england is blue wembley is blue london is blue and the fa cup trophy is blue cfc wewillbechampionssiting down for the fa cup lfc red till i die2 hour to go c mon facupfinal lfc thisisanfieldsouthreally want bellamy to start instead of henderson lfctrying to get liv to agree to having a mini chelsea kit she is not keen will take her to stamford bridge one day cfctoo jealous of all those going to wembley today. let s go red lfc jbayfield guesty901 hopefully the facup final wont be a much of a stressful watch a that.. keepingthedreamalive notlongnow lord_sugar will you be watching fa cup final and who will you be shouting for lfc2 hour till kick off facupfinal dontevensupportchelseaorliverpoolrt bey_vs_carter hungry mehn gtta eat b4 our mtch.. cfc all d way baybie rt tamartotty really classy chelsea really classy. facupfinal lfc cfc and were live facupfinalcome on chelsea cfc facupfinalgreat atmosphere here at wembley already. belting out the lucasleiva87 song wooah lfc ashamed by nothing offended by everything . fair play to chelsea fan for that cfc lfcit s also facupfinal day 5.15 pm kick off.goal chesterfield 0-1 brentford spireites cfcwe re on our way to wembley. in our liverpool-built liverpool coloured range rover evoque. lfc ynwa missing my cousin s b day to be home alone for the game this is how much i love the red love4thegame lfc ynwa facupgreat win this weekend by adelaide_fc and wwtfc_eagles. feeling amazing now need chelseafc to cap it off tonight the best pre-cup final tweets - liverpool fc via lfcrt itvfootball at around 4.15pm today in our live facupfinal show today - adrian chiles interview miracle man fabrice muamba facup liverpool v chelsea d stall corner restaurant and cafe w 31 others pic this will be rightupdowningsstreet 2 hours to go lfc ynwa lfccan t wait to hit the pub for the game tonight lfc facupfinalrt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafccome on chelseafc comeonyoublueslet s go blues big day facupfinal cfc ktbffhexactly two hour to kick off facupfinal facupfinal wish my team were still in it ah well hopefully next season keepthefaith sajgani fatiwadia aaifl i_am_anaisa oh_my_golly think these will appease the soccer gods lfc goodluck rt stesharifian arrived helsbytours lfc wembley  liverpool at fa cup final ynwa lfc lfc come on red men you can kick their as bring home the trophie boy  msnicolemaria i will let you know the exact second chelsea hoist the facup chelseafc gt gt gt anyone else gregimming maybe throw in a little boddingtons with it you llneverwalkalone facupfinal lfcfeeling more optimistic about the facupfinal now that paul merson said we were going to lose lfc whataprickon the way to anfield with choi1992 and alexsmith112233 lfc ynwahigh chance i might be on espn. just got interviewed outside wembley waahheeyy. come on liverpool lfc ynwa facupfinalso the facupfinal is on 2 hour later than usual. sure 5.15pm might be alright for those in the uk but it suck for antipodeans. jjbailey1 funeral 12 liverpool dead chelseafcthis rain had better stop before 5pm there should be nothing like scrambled channel with a match of this sort facuplets go lfc  lfc let s bring it home boy red for life. ynwa jft96day like this make you love football facupc mon liverpool today facupfinal ynwastuck in the afc traffic on the way to wem-ber-ly. facupfinal lfc comeonyouredmen mattlawexpress oh ye of little faith. a family friend let me stay at his apartment in majorca if that count a a villa favour sorrylike a kid lfc facupfinal come on liverpool  adamphillip_ last night i dreamt of lamps scoring a hat-trick amp drogs smiling.. i even saw the scoreboard 3-2 hmm weird but nice eh cfchaving a pint with nickoh wembley lfc lfcfamily facupfinal come on itv.. what mistake will there be today facupmay lfc win the fa cup tonightrt chelseaunite wembley wembley facup cu big day today leggo chelseaa chelseafc facupsittin in the bar with a utd fan wearing a chelsea top lol ynwa lfcjust sat down to watch facupfinal and find im 2 hour early curse that tv schedule.hey cfc fans beckssw need 4 follower to 100 come on hit that follow button ktbffh utc coyb chelseafc no ticket don t care - chelsea here chelsea there.. cfcwembley rt alfian46th rt chelseaunite wembley wembley facup cu rt joel_dei rt stef_gashie less than 4 hour to the famous match between cfc and lfc . tightjimmy armfield wa in good form can still recall his first trip to the facupfinal in 1948 bfc mp73rt chelseaunite wembley wembley facup cu having finished my dissertation i am now going to get very very drunk 10kin12days dissertationmonster facup drunk probablyadesmondwhat do you reckon.. facupfinal ynwa lfc 2 more hours.. facup cfc v lfcthat afc result mean cfc still have a sniff of top 4 they d need a win at anfield on tuesday might play on their mind today lfcrt bluechampion gooaal droogbaa i m just warming up. cfc chelseafcrt natdive i m in hua hin any recommendation for place to watch facup final don t wanna watch alone in the room. wanna be with the ..yess build up on now to pas the time lfc facupbringitonynwawoohoo 2 hour of listening to adrian chile sarcastictweet itv facup2012 lfccan someone explain to me why if the game doesn t start until 5.15 doe the actual programme start at 3.15 hot soak here i come facup anticipation for the cup final lfccannot stand adrian chiles presenting football programmes. makes me turn over until the match start football facuprt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off  ajayi82 iamjermaindefoe lfc ha ha ha i think your dreaming mate. we love jd at spurs. dreamon sophiescouse annabold dealscolchester i m out of this one all my tweet for the foreseeable will now be lfc based.just got my ticket come on you reds wembley chelseafc now more than ever the entire blue nation stand united because we are chelsea til we die good luck chelsea come on down futbal fan 11 30 am facup live liverpool v chelsea cold breakfast beverage will be flowing for the soccer hooligan stancollymore kinny68 10 00 ticket sold to watch the match at anfield lfc finalgerrard special is on the card looking for a special performance by the skipper and team tonight facupfinalrt chelseaunite wembley wembley facup cu rt thedimatteo hello again wembley are you ready to rock cfcwembley biggerthanbonjovi cfc2 hour to go and the nerve are starting already comeonyouredmen lfc facauprt chelseafc. if u belive chelsea would win da fa cup chelseafc di matteo on fa cups past and present cfcwembley sl - let s go chelsea adrian chiles is just ray mears without the survival skills. facupfinalliverpool four and nothing to chelsea in the last four game what about this evening facup somethingbetterthannothingrt osborneevents and were live facupfinalrt chelseaunite wembley wembley facup cu come on chelsea come on torres cfcfa cup final coverage starting now itv very nervous but hoping for narrow lfc win. a lot will depend on team kenny picks.come on boy liverpool double this year facup lmk_99 benjyjsmith bristolbites theciderblog ..if nick cannot host how abt the hill a plan b facupwelcome very much to wembley for the fa cup final between chelsea and liverpool cfc lfc. i can confirm it is not very warm at all here.goal chesterfield 0-1 brentford - leon legge 12 cfc brentfordfcrt shanehayes6 chelseafc believing in the blue today we can do it we will sing john terry won the double again this season rdm ful ..espn s coverage is absolutely dreadful so adrian chiles it is come on chels cfc carefree andrew14ad got it for a cfc-supporting mate lucymchapman lfc well said lucy haha2 hour till kick off.. facupfinal facupfinal tuned in .. liverpool v chelseafc who s the winner rt luketraynorecho good banner. s appenin wembley lfc wembleyarsenal tied let s see if skrtel and liverpool can do any better against chelsea. facupfinalrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again everything about this facup final is an absolute disgrace fa cup is trending in the us..pretty soon chelsea will be too cfcusa cfcpler anggaarsk liverpool are you ready for the final liverpool liverpool lfc shankly s jacket amp 90 s lfc retro shirt.. i m ready for the facupfinal comeonyoureds ynwa rt chelseastats rt alrickbrown since 2006 frank lampard ha scored more goal than any other player in the fa cup 19 . chelsea fa .. lfc good luck today in the final bring the trophy home - on my way to wembley in a tuk tuk listening to bbc five live i hope it rain bbc5live skysports facupwould love to be off to wembley today come on liverpool ynwa facupfinalmy money for what it s worth is on liverpool facupcome on you blues cfc mightybluesnerves nerves nerves. facupfinaldrogba owns wembely cfc thenpb sorry it ha to be blues facupguess ill be awake until 3am.lol liverpool facupfinal2 hours left facupfinals cfcwembley lfc v cfc.lets bring the trophy back redmen lfcbuzzing for the facupfinal later after that result come on liverpool can t wait for the facupfinal go blue chelseafcdoes itv know that woman watch football facupi have a bad feeling. but let hope it a sick friend of mine n not abt lfc. ynwa c mon you reds rt lfc we re on our way to wembley we shall not be moved.. lfc fan at the m6 services  adrianchilds looking a tit on the pitch at wembley facupfinali would rather you send him after me thatwasterrible lfc rt chubbyaloneso t_82772 do you want me to send skrtel after your family  kolo_martin thierryvpbaboon ollyted marshallsheldon well lad that wa a mighty close call.. savebytheskinofyurfur arsenal go lfc watching liverpool s history always make the hair on my arm stand up i get goose bump lfc ynwart efcdom scum rt sos1878 cfc fan sticker justice for the 39 what a great sight looking forward to seeing it full and humming drt15 the calm before the storm. facupfinal 2 hour to go - ynwa facupfinal redmenpaphos warriors fc nine selected for uk trials via sharethis paphoswarriors paphos cyprus facup uk pafosdisappointed by lack of facupfinal build up notlikeitusedtobe juanmata10 chelseafc i wish u well.rt chelseafc seems to be drying out in nw london. fingers crossed cfcwembley facupfinal sl  antanddec who will you be shouting for in the fa cup final today xx bgt lfchuge match for the boy in red. chelsea is going to have a rough afternoon lfc ynwafa cup afternoon start now cfc torrestime michaelcupac jhallafc it s still a 2 point gap spud you still have to win your game 2moro amp we know how spur bottle thing bk to essex u gort bileysmullet fa cup final before end of season at 515 not watching.if youre sick of football being ruined by cash rt. thefadotcom .. svillage lfc we gonna rock cfc today come on babyin my dream we won 2-1. torres opening the scoring gerrard equalizing and then torres with the winner. if only dream can come true.. cfc facup who remembers when big daddy would have a big bout on itv normally against giant haystacks in the lead up to the fa cup final rt dj_jase_g today s team reina jonno skrtel agger enrique. hendo spearing gerrard bellamy suarez downing lfcrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again ready for wembly liverpool lfc nerves are setting in. come on red men. lfc cfc facup liverool v chelsea me v hubby ooh yeah. facupaww i miss michael owen for lfc bring him back facupfinalobviosuly gerrard too- reina johnson skrtel agger enrique henderson spearing gerrard bellamy suarez downing lfcso phil dowd is gonna be the referee today hope he doesnt grab most of the headline after the game teamchelsea cfcliverpool all day everyday lfc facupfinal  yartsy21 bradleyharris91 hpople fredwill12 jackabbott25 dress code tho liverpool top only n 20 entry fee. facupfinal lfci send greeting to you all lfc fan worldwide lfcatwembleyrt adidasuk to win a signed shirt get involved amp takethestage chelseafc fan vs. lfc fan .. raven_risoliere well that s an omen - lfc gt gt gt gt super moon tonight big red one i heard too.love facupfinal day 2 hour to go wembley lfcso no matter who win the facup today a racist idiot will lift up the trophy at some point. theracistderby suarez terrycommon liverpool ma baby facupfinal rt chelseaunite wembley wembley facup cu  freshtherapies noo we are gonna fall out lol facuprt danwalkerbbc kenny dalglish ha never lost to chelsea a a manager - 13 game in total lfc cfc facupfinal stat lfc lucasleiva87 getting ready for the game with my scouse dog  empireofthekop i know i will have no finger nail left lol ynwa lfc jft96 c mon lad let s do this lfc ynwart timlovejoy oh well at least all u oldie have great memory of the country stopping for cup final day. facuprt adamrichman wishing i could bring myself to like either team in today s facupfinal - if i were a crip or a blood i might be able t ..love cup final day. suarez to score the winner facup lfc fa cup final day come on lfc ynwa muhddanial10 yeah of course laa haha d ynwa lfcrt chelseafc rt andrewcollins80 leaving for wembley nervous but pretty sure we can do it comeonyoublues .. don t support either team so good luck to both liverpool and chelsea today facupfinal 10 on liverpool to win.. it not that i like liverpool it that i hate chelsea that much. facupwhich record will be broken today come on liverpool y.n.w.a lt 3 facupfinalblue is the colour baby come onn chelseafcdo i watch the facupfinal on itv or espn lfc cfcgot me red shirt on for liverpool lfc ynwa wembley xxrt dizzyfeet i bought a slingbox the other day so hopefully i can watch the facup final on my ipad while i m on the plane to ny c ..the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt espn chelsea-liverpool start in ten hours. meaning our team s already at wembley. follow espntvuk for behind-the-scenes tweets. ..good luck xd rt nona_sasha chelsea shelsea teamforeverchelsea rt mdyahya_ ynwa lfc john terry is set to make his 50th fa cup appearance. legend. cfcgot my finger toe leg eye the lot crossed for the mighty reds this afternoon bring the cup home lfc ynwa rt faisalalhamdan 2 hour for the final come on chelsea cfc ktbffh facupfinal  persie_official please come 2 lfc. u ll get 2 meet a genius in suarez. u ll complement his finishing disadvantagebig day tonight boys. let s bring home another trophy this season lfc ynwaas if the late kick off wasn t bad enough .. itv. seriously might subscribe to espn just so i don t wave to endure itv facupfinalrt chelseaunite wembley wembley facup cu the fa cup coverage ha begun i m unreachable for the next 4 5 hour come on chelsea cfcrt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off rt kenpootcfc chris cohen - the david luiz song chelseafc ktbffh cfc utcso here it is the only way to support my team while i m working today ynwa lfc empireofthekop lucasleiva87 rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off rt lewiswiltshire for the cup final in england use the hashtag facupfinal to join the conversation with lfc chelseafc thefadotcom ..rt bansheeboston fa cup final day the road to wembley is on the tv bansheeboston right now come on you red lfctwo hour from kickoff follow the build-up to this afternoon s facup final with u here rt bensmithbbc if lfc win the fa cup today it would be dalglish s 28th major honour at the club. cfc have won 22 trophy in their h .. facup tha blues will not be xpecting support from fellow london club gunners a they limit their chance of ucl qualifications.today is gonna be a good day lfcrt chelseaunite wembley wembley facup cu sitting down to watch facup come on liverpool. i fucking hate chelsea.need to get dirtyscousers trending worth an attempt surely chelsea fan cfc ktbffh wembleyisourhomedon t care about footie but hope liverpool win facupfinalrt chelseaunite wembley wembley facup cu i love the spirit of the facup chelsea to win today. even though i don t like either teams. facupfinalrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt chelseafc send u your pic of the day using cfcwembley and we ll rt our faves a always. facupfinal sl rt thechelseaway john terry is set to make his 50th fa cup appearance. legend. cfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..and also the front lfc empireofthekop lucasleiva87 rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..the facupfinal coverage on itv ha started. about time really looking forward to this game.rt ppoffers sst.listen liverpool to lift the fa cup 3 1 pricegasm lfcso nervous come on you red lfc2 hour to go before kick off come on lfc let s complete the double ynwait would be my greatest b-day gift if liverpool bring the thropy home tonite ynwa lfc bringtrophyhomeyou can see where the big budget are. espn reporting from the touchline and lfctv can t even get through the style notgoodchap lfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt ariffwijoyo yes i m ready. walkonwem8ley rt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal ..am rooting 4 liverpool.. facup c mon liverpool only 2 hour left until kick off facupfinal ynwart chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off  facupfinal. let s go lfc.rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. lfc come on the pool do u proud and prove we still have what we always had greatness lfcfuck off adrian chiles facup fa world smostunlikelysportpresenterre-watching past fa cup final video is making me nervous. fuck the rent boy up da scouse. facupfinalrt chelseachadder on this day 1979 - ray wilkins played his last game for chelsea v ipswich . cfc myword ren_egade everything irie mon mi cool amp a easy liverpool gonna win today please believe me 8 lfc facupfinal starts to feel nervous now facupfinal lfc ynwa cuzondapz lie fam ur a lfc fan even if for todaygna rush home to catch the facup final gogogo lfc ynwa me the brother and sidrakhalidx liverpool facupfinal rt cyprusfooty paphos warriors fc nine selected for uk trials via sharethis paphoswarriors paphos cyprus f ..thank god for itv lfc i take back all i said liverpoolvschelsea2 hours till kick off come on chelseafc ktbffhso drogba is my favorite footballer but lfc is my favorite team..ughrt adidasuk newsflash we ve got a signed chelseafc shirt up for grab ahead of today s all-adidas facupfinal showdown.. ..itv1 coverage of the chelsea v liverpool fa cup final game at wembley start now tune it there. lfc ynwaon this day 1979 - ray wilkins played his last game for chelsea v ipswich . cfc mywordwhat a way to conclude a weekend to have the greatest football club ever winning the prestigious fa cup go cfc go chelsea cfcwembleyi know it s tradition but 2 hour of build up really ah i ll watch it anyway facupcome on you redmen bring the cup home lfctwo hour before k.o. can t wait man.. lfc coyr dizzy_b i ll share it with you when we meet see what you think. turned on and tuned into the facupfinal now then glamming up later rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt jodielewis3 shall be supporting cfcwembley this evening. come on you blues. rt abhi_blues92 in my dream we won 2-1. torres opening the scoring gerrard equalizing and then torres with the winner. if only dream ..two hour to go. nerves kicking in. beer cancelling it out. facup lfc cfcrt sabiq absolutely rt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigredsi remember when the facup meant something and it wernt all about money.. good ole daysrt hughjameson19 chelseafc come on jt lamps n drog. spine and heart of out team. we will win cfcrt rosiecfc watching the fa cup final build-up. my heart is racing now omg. come on chelseafc cfccan t wait for kick off cfc cfcwembley ktbffh chelseafcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt nybluescfc facup rise and shine today we lift the cup and watch king kenny cry. to all the blue supporter club sing loud and ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..can t wait for fa cup final tonight. doublewinners lfc ynwart bluechampion would you believe it arsenal can now go 5th i know they can do it and they will cfc afcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. joanna_moroz have you managed to get down to wembley today feeling confident for a lfc win 2 jam menuju final fa cup chelsea v liverpool . c mon blue we ll bring the trophy to stamford bridge cc chelseafc ciscjogjatwo hour till kick off bitch.. lfc facupfinal facupfinal programme started herewego cfcrt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off rt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcrt espntvuk it ha started raining at wembley. make sure you have got your coat if you re coming to the game. facupfinal lfc cfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt chelseaunite wembley wembley facup cu in this day amp age doe the fa cup still need deserve a two hour build up facuprt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt chelseachadder on this day 1979 - ray wilkins played his last game for chelsea v ipswich . cfc mywordrt liddellpool i send greeting to you all lfc fan worldwide lfcatwembleyrt tamartotty really classy chelsea really classy. facupfinal lfc cfc rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..ahh remembering my day out at the cup final last year.. mcfc facupfinalthe build up s begun facupfinalmy fav banner of the day so far anfieldsouth facupfinal lfc cfc plasticfanstwo hour of adrian chiles before the cup final start why oh why itv facupfinaldone with kkr tym for some ynwa chant lfc120 minute to the wembley ko cfc lfctwo hour of facupfinal buildup with adrian chiles. think i ll crack open the beer now shall iless than 2 hours. facupfinal lfc liverpool ynwa win win win the facup final should kick off at 3.00pm. it should be on the bbc. the build up should start at 9.00am. and it should be sunny.rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. tamartotty really classy chelsea really classy. facupfinal lfc cfc cfc no history amp there fan are sick  chelseafc very confident inshallah we will win arsenal 3 - 3 norwich lol .. chelsea 2 - 0 liverpool that s right .. ktbffh cfcchelsea s old guard sense history the guardian chelsea cfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. rhiannoncthomas aww yeh haha it you n me against thekramernator. i say loser take out the month old bag of trash facuprt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. notoriousscouse am confident that my nerve will be shot to piece by the end of the game a usual ynwa facupfinal redmen helenkerr23 cathalconlon i ve got mine too.. come on the red men lfc i remember facupfinal being played at 3 with build up on tv from breakfast. lost it meaning now  notoriousscouse by hook or crook the redmen will prevail lfctime to settle down in front of the tele for the rest of the afternoon cfc facuprt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..cmon chels facupcome on chelsea cfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt livecholfc and newcastle were undone another archive gallery - this time the 1974 facup final lfcrt mikuss from someone who is usually reliable- reina johnson skrtel agger enrique henderson spearing bellamy suarez downing lfcwatching the build up on itv 1 aah i m so so so so nervous and excited got goosebump and butterfly lfc facupfinal ynwacome on lfc beat chelseafc like we have done twice already facup is ours for the taking ynwa rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..i m counting on chelseafc comeonyoubluetime to watch red v blue north v south liverpool v chelsea facupfinalwhy have itv got 2 hour of build up for the facup final the campion rt ucup_cobra rt graze2type rt lfc the rain is falling in london but it hasn t dampened .. i love the fa cup but i love liverpool more. come on you reds. wembley lfc jft96 ynwa liverpool dalglishlooking forward to the mighty reds securing their cup double this afternoon.. suarez amp gerrard to cause mayhem in a 3 - 1 victory lfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt talksport former liverpool captain say league position is more important than cup win lfccome on redmen ynwa lfcgetting ready for game come on lfcrt chelseaunite wembley wembley facup cu come on you red lfc ynwa blog steve kean - fully aware or wilfully blind rovers keanout brfc blackburnrovers facuprt chelseastats cfc have only lost one of their last 33 fa cup match excluding penalty shootout defeat . facupfinal via optajoe ..rt chelseafc seems to be drying out in nw london. fingers crossed cfcwembley facupfinal sl  cfcwembley ready for kick off only one big club at anfieldsouth today lfcthe history of the facup here we go.. lfc ynwart chelseaunite wembley wembley facup cu rt percy_burton shitting it. come on red men lfc facupfinalchampionship finished last week. prem league one and two action today and facupfinal is on at 5.15pm. when did that happen bbcfootballrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt adamrichman wishing i could bring myself to like either team in today s facupfinal - if i were a crip or a blood i might be able t ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..buzzing for the facupfinal aahh cfcwembley wembleykings rt thaddyours teamchelsea aniwaiz .. always rt officialsf1team wishing all the best to chelseafc in the facupfinal wembley let s get the trophy rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..feels sick nervous facupfinal lfcsteven gerrard gerrard he ll pass the ball 40 yards. steven gerrard gerrard ynwa liverpool facup fuckchelseart duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. themichaelowen remember you won the facup for liverpool wa all so good for you should of never left don t understand why itv1 s coverage of the facup final is starting 2 hour beford kick-off. oh well still watching ifrt gigipetite1 if you ve not got your lfc shirt on get your lucky pant on for the final today gigibum ynwa  zareefsmb 2-1 to u of course cfc4life facupfinal2 hour until the facupfinal. maybe i can get an hour of chem and an hour of geo in between.i want chelsea to win so bad facupfinal chelseafc victory 4 chelsea we are winning.wembleyy cfc onforthedouble walkintheparkat work gutted that im gonna miss the fa cup final come on you red we got this lfcj. ruddy the best w. szczesny the worse.. and f. torres the traitor supersaturday facupfinal arsenalthegoner norwichthecheateri wonder if markhoppus is a wembley to watch the final cfccome on liverpool huge game tonight facupfinal jonathanhuglin mrolovesyou thefacup lfc has to be a 2-0 victoryok cfc we shall own rt lesliewee krisfossen thechinkman jooey if cfc 6 - 0 lfc i eat vegetarian for 6 month uh.today god is red lfccome on liverpool let s make this a double for u facuprt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..buwis-buhay weekend for my favorite english clubs. chelseafc face liverpool for the fa cup in two hour and mcfc to face newcastle tom and so begin the ridiculously long winded facup build up..not like i m doing anything else today.. altho dam break will piss me offrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..ball at school at tonight but i m choosing 2 watch my team chelseafc play liverpoolfc in the fa cup final liverpool better win facupfinal daniella_1989 off to wembley with georgiaalicia buzingg cumon liverpool ahh lfc have fun girl lt 3 liverpool getting goosebump facupfinal facupfinal teddypicker__ what odds will you give me on a chelsea win boom chelseafc cfcwembley cfcwembley cfcwembley cfcwembley cfcwembley teamchelseart jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again you just no torres will get the winner facupfinalrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..wembley is our fortress. let s smash them like we did to tottenham. cfcwembley comeonyoublues ktbffh wembleykings facupfinalcome on lfc let s do this for the 96 jft96 facuprt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..2 hour till kickoff cfcwembley  facupfinal chelsea liverpool stuck for a place to watch the match come to clubrileys stagweekend lastnightfreedom all welcome rt hasanyo1 fa cup final today. come on lfccounting down to kick off lfc ynwa kingkennyrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. lfc feelin good today i ve got a feeling that the red will take the fa cup today ynwa lfc2hours of pre match before facup final. two hour of chiles. fuck right off 2 hour of build-up for the game today getting me even more pumped up cfc facupfinalanother rumoured team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez. lfc lfc line up f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt chelseafc yossibenayoun15 happy birthday yossi hope you re tuning into the facupfinal after your game cfc sl rt thechelseaway john terry is set to make his 50th fa cup appearance. legend. cfclet show these liverfools how to win a big trophy in the 21st century cfci fink torres is guna torment u 2day hope not lfcinception soundtrack ha been overused during facup out of curiosity.. if chelseafc finish 6th and united 2nd.. who s had the better season facupfinal championsleaguefinal cfc empireofthekop reina johnson skrtel agger enrique downing spearing henderson gerrard bellamy suarez lfc facupfinal live waggonhorsessur from 5pm surbiton see you there..like the look of the team. suarez is going to need some support when leading the line on his own lfcnot sure who i want to win this. can t stand either team facupinception music make everything epic. facupfinali m hyped up for the fa cup final.. come on lfc ynwa jonnykumbo mate i am in the liverpool fc box so yes mate lfc for me reina johnson skrtel agger enrique downing spearing henderson gerrard bellamy suarez lfc chelseafc_news_ cfcwembley run down to the big match ha just started on itvboys we have a special night today make it more than special chelseafcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..i m not even gonna watch the facupfinal today for the 1st time in my life theyruinedthefacup facupfinal match build up is on- using inception music and the build up ha started facupfinal liverpoolfccome on chelsea shit on the red cfcpints are needed soon nerve starting to kick in a wee bit lfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..my heart is beating at 100mph phew so nervous. facupfinal lfc ynwart leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa tuning in for the samsung vs standard charter game at the umbro stadium to see who win the budwiser cup workingmansgame facupmay a well add another footy message for lfc a my timeline is going mental come on redmen bag the facup and dissect season later rt chelseaunite wembley wembley facup cu nerves starting now..come on liverpool lfcrt stephendoss the difference between liverpool and chelsea the fan the passion which give liverpool the edge. lfc ynwarumoured - reina johnson skrtel agger enrique henderson spearing gerrard bellamy downing suarez. lfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..chelsea fan getting on it in oxford st chelseafc tonight s going to be a good night . . . let s make it seven cfcwembley chelseafccarroll not starting lfc facup2012rt bluechampion would you believe it arsenal can now go 5th i know they can do it and they will cfc afchope this is downing s telling swansong lfcthat wembley pitch look amazing cfcnonton chris jhon dl wat pemanasan chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off  lfc all the best for the match 2 the squad and staff. enjoy your special day and please don t take it to pen bringitbacktoanfieldxxa big night waiting you liverpoolfc. so let it be a night to remember facupfinal. ynwart bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafckeep calm and have faith on it. we can win this. facupfinal ynwa lfc lfc am i they only one who think those white suit were cool i would wear one - rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. empireofthekop i will be partaking in some grand old parr scotch myself. nothing like a good drop to settle nerves. ynwa lfcrt marvakreel so no matter who win the facup today a racist idiot will lift up the trophy at some point. theracistderby suarez terryrt mrjakehumphrey shh..surely no-one will notice if i borrow it for my mantelpiece will they.. facupfinal my team would be ..reina..johnson..agger .skrtel..jose..hendo..spearo ..stevie g..bellers ..luis..carroll . lfcunfair rt jack_groves my dad s so lucky getting a free ticket today for the facupfinal come on you blue carefree cfcplayer of amidaus face direction of sun in a single line to offer prayers.a player then hand over toffee to a tech team member. facuploving that liverpool team for the facupfinal. gerrard should be playing off suarez cfc lfcbrace myself for today s big big game. we ll win this chelseafc cfc facuprt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt adeelk786 suarez and john terry and the black referee today s facupfinal i prefer a facup with an underdog in it not two team with racist completely disagree with the fa cup final being played on the same day a other matches. it deserves more respect than that. cfc ktbffhrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..wish torres score an own goal today lfc ynwa - everything about nando. begin in the red and blue now cfcrt adamrichman wishing i could bring myself to like either team in today s facupfinal - if i were a crip or a blood i might be able t .. empireofthekop just watch this 2006 facupfinalcome on you blues cfc all the way adamwoodyatt i d agree. gotta control midfield in this 1 so ha to be 4-5-1. except downing in for kuyt. wonder if a place for carra lfcbrilliant jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt chelseafc rt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain .. fa cup finals kick off in about 2 hr let s go blues cfcso bored waiting for the football cfc. abhi_chelsea truly hope not they just cannot play together. never have never will and help neither. cfc lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt helenhamill creaner88 liverpool fan - you ll never walk alone via youtube come on liverpool lfcrt empireofthekop rt lfc reds travel update m40 closed j9 8a expected to re-open midday. more info  facup final kickoff in le than 2 hour reds come on lad rt bluechampion would you believe it arsenal can now go 5th i know they can do it and they will cfc afcrt gigipetite1 rt this to wish the boy luck for today s final lfc ynwa zootwitties bumblr gigibum zoo_uk lfc lfcgossip ..big day for english football today facupfinalrt beccajames6 reina johnson skrtel agger enrique downing spearing henderson gerrard bellamy suarez lfcrt espn chelsea-liverpool start in ten hours. meaning our team s already at wembley. follow espntvuk for behind-the-scenes tweets. ..it s red v blues. north v south. it s chelsea v liverpool. ynwa facupfinal james_babble 2-1 chelsea cfc facup ftw saveterrywogansome club don t fare well at the business end of the season cfc fafinalrt rmcanterano i want a fernando torres hattrick or winner. he s suffered a lot of unnecessary abuse. facupfinalwhy had the fa cup coverage started now 2 hour before kick-off facupwhat time is kick off lfc aj_poju medz_hustla jaystarmusician chelsea s got this facup i want them to win. o for the 1st timedefinitely a chelsea fan today can t stand them scouser facupfinalrt jpetrenko23 great win this weekend by adelaide_fc and wwtfc_eagles. feeling amazing now need chelseafc to cap it off tonight any spare going look for me in moore spice opposite stadium. lfc chelseafc andrewcollins80 yes we can go blues wedding done - now it time for the facupfinal - come on liverpool my boys  lfclive in exactly 2 hour lfc will play v chelsea in the facupfinal at wembley. lfclive  amyorangeuk chelsea fan for the day cfc rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. pirzon like kaka but abit better. cfcatmosphere building now much more colour from liverpool fan than chelsea one on wembley way. couple of massive anfield flag facupfinaloh shit yeah i forgot. are we going to get to enjoy the hard fi spectacle facupfinalmy body is unprepared to drink in two hours. ah well. facuprt empireofthekop liverpool echo liverpool fc news fa cup final liverpool fc v chelsea - the essential stats ..rt empireofthekop eotk the daily eotk 5th may 2012 liverpool f.c. and football news update lfc fbwho s ready for the facupfinal with chelseafc vs. lfc thisguy chelseaftw2 hour countdown now. nerves just shot up a few notches.. this could be an era-defining game whether we win or lose. come on liverpool lfcfernando torres to score the winner against liver fool i predict chelsea win. lose to bayern. mufc champion facupfinalfinal build-up in 38 video lfcno carroll for lfc today apparently.rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcrt craigoates87 2hours of pre match before facup final. two hour of chiles. fuck right off  lesterpester99 i ll be rooting for lfc i think i just might make the difference sitting down with my facup final treats.. trough the boy from spain score mainly in game when it rain torres cfc facuprt bluechampion chelsea fan can join the chelsea live match chat just before kick off here - cfc chelseafcim a member of lfc and i rely on da team i defer to it and sacrifice for it cox the team nt da individual is the ultimate championin lfc we trust come on you redmen ynwajust 2 hour to go excited facupfinalrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt showmerich let show these liverfools how to win a big trophy in the 21st century cfcfancy chelsea for this like. 2-0 mata first goal facup liverpool lfc i m ready . . go liver go . . ynwa rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..itv on for facup and immediately faced with adrian chiles my depression is replaced with violent urges. hate watching footy on itv wankeri seem to be a minority in my time line. facupfinalrt chelseaunite wembley wembley facup cu rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..win or lose today i will still love my club lt 3 ynwa facupfinal sarahmedway sarah please write about the facupfinal. would love to read your view on this special day in football rt empireofthekop liverpool echo liverpool fc news liverpool fc keeper pepe reina determined to end his bad season o.. ..65 74 86 89 92 01 06 12. go and win number 8. a message to our number 8 lfc stevieg anfieldsouth facup2 hour to go eekk.. the excitement facupfinalrt thechelseaway john terry is set to make his 50th fa cup appearance. legend. cfcjust seen the team bus avec police escort on hanger lane facupbring the facup home liverpool rt empireofthekop chelsea v liverpool lfc - watch free live facupfinal tomorrow on - need a uk ip see ..3pm facupfinal day that can only mean one thing just 2 hour 15 min to kick off. footballstartedin1992on my way to meet thekidduni. he s gunna pretty sad when chelseafc beat up on liverpool.rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc i thought the facupfinal wa on have i got the wrong day or something zeroatmosphere lol bluechampion gooaal droogbaa i m just warming up. cfc chelseafc  lfc rt mostarlfc another banner that will be at wembley. one of my personal favorite lfc rt beccajames6 reina johnson skrtel agger enrique downing spearing henderson gerrard bellamy suarez lfchappy with that line-up lfcmatch day cant wait for the game to start facup chelsea v liverpool ktbffhliverpool.. onlyinmalaysia malaysia facupfinal liverpool lfc d stall corner restaurant and cafe  billydoyle74 come on you red men facupfinaland the build up begin d cfcdvring the fa cup final. should only be missing the first half for the early avengers showing. lfcas did i.. itvfootball rt carolinecheese picked my favourite lfc player for itv rt bluechampion gooaal droogbaa i m just warming up. cfc chelseafcafter 3 9 hour shift the weekend is finally here pub to watch the game. come on you blues cfc buzzincheelsea cheelsea let s go chelsea chelseafc cfcloving the inception music. facupfinalgotta love cup final build up facupfinal cfc chelsea in the facupfinal then party bus with 30 of my closest friends. sounds like a day swaggo redrob24 if you win today i actually think lfc have had a good seaosn. 2 trophy out of 3 entered  darraghlenehan yerr come on the red lfcashley cole is the most decorated amp successful fa cup finalist with 6 winner s medal amp he s looking forward to his 7th medal. cfcliverpool v chelsea. would be awesome if they both lost. facupfinalyou know that stressed queasy feeling facupfinal lfche s better than frank lampard steven gerrard gerrard lfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt ppoffers sst.listen liverpool to lift the fa cup 3 1 pricegasm lfcrt menofshankly to cfc you have won 22 trophy in your history. kenny ha won 28 alone.rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..my love for liverpool is unreal lfc facupthat s the pre-match meal sorted now just gotta warm-up facupwants to watch the facupfinal but gotta go to town with the missrt theslpunk 2 hour of build-up for the game today getting me even more pumped up cfc facupfinal facupfinal time d lfc coyr lfc lt 3i don t care who win the facup but it would be funny to see torres score the winning goal against his former club 50millionpoundgoal - rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..come on chelsea. anyone but liverpool facupfinalimagine vinb presenting the facupfinalrt chrismboulay the red letter s fa cup final preview lfc v cfc. facup eplcome on chelsea cfcjuss left engmann hse en route 2 ma crib 2 warm up 4 da match lfcso sad can t watch fa cup final coz tomorrow i have to wake up early. but when i don t watch chelsea usually win cfcwembley chelseafcget u more fans. please rt all fan cfcfeeling very emotional.. facupfinal day brings back some lovely memory just been to ask my dad to send lfc some inspiration down come on chels let s make this a blue day cfcwembley facupfinal cfcis it possible that manu win both match but finish second chelsea loses in ucl final amp arsenal finish fifth calculate and tell lfcnot sure if the facupfinal build up is going to help my nerve or make it worsewhat would be your chelsea starting line up today facupfinal cfc ktbffh utcrt bensmithbbc if lfc win the fa cup today it would be dalglish s 28th major honour at the club. cfc have won 22 trophy in their h ..today is a great day for football lovely build up by espn for fa cup final facuprt paulrogerslfc the kid poster on our minibus facupfinal lfc rt empireofthekop this facup fixture ha seen a 3.8 goal avg over the 9 prev encountersthis bet get the good value win tick from o .. thomastoyer hopefully will win chelsea cfcthere s a liverpool-chelsea guess who game i want one facupfinalpls asernl fan should learn to support their club at all time like we do at lfc pauldjstepone i wa at the 4-2 one good luck paul. may the best team win ya scouse get cfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt kenpootcfc chris cohen - john terry s song chelseafc ktbffh cfc utci want the lfc guess who well jel rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..wearing my chelsea shirt with pride all ready for chelseafc to smash liverpool rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..we re gonna win toniight go red lfc ynwafa cup final in 2 hour liverpool lfc1hr40min teamchelsea facup road to wembleyrt scousekaren76 lfc good luck lad today. bring that cup home where it belongs ynwa jft96 xxthe build up to the facup final ha started on itv1 make sure your watching amp make sure you keep it red ynwa d so carroll doe not start today. lfc leehamill lookin like he go chrome in first class.. c mon the liver bring it home ywna lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique downing spearing henderson gerrard bellamy suarez lfc facup could someone make clear this particular boring no carroll it seems disappointed by that. lfcrt bluechampion the only liverpool player i d worry about is suarez. clever little bastard. can be a pain for our defence. cfcrt niesalovalova keep the blue flag flying high cfcrt paulair rumoured - reina johnson skrtel agger enrique henderson spearing gerrard bellamy downing suarez. lfcwish i wa at wembley today can t wait to visit the bridge next year seeing the fa cup and champions league cup cfcare itv going with the trinity of idiocy chiles keane and nosejob for facup coverage should be on t beeb. chelseafc if there s one thing i dislike more then cleaning up dog sick on fa cup final day it s scoucers come on chelseart shaggyibiza got to say that liverpool fan are some of the best in the world lfckilling time before facupfinalrt bluechampion the one thing that always bother me against liverpool is their set piece attacking. hard to predict. very effective. ..rt adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool ..rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again big day today boys. let s get it done lfc ynwaall road lead to wembley lfc cfctorres to score today just saying facupfinalrt bluechampion i want drogba to start. i d save fernando torres for his stoppage time rounding off of reina. cfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. lukekalsi1 henderson start for lfc the view from our commentary position .. at the cfc end wembley come liverpool make it a double lfc lfc showtime. wembley comeonyouredss rt thechelseaway john terry is set to make his 50th fa cup appearance. legend. cfc lfc any team news yet. beccajames6 reina johnson skrtel agger enrique downing spearing henderson gerrard bellamy suarez lfc obriener_rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt lampsindofans can t hardly wait for the match chelsea facupfinal di m ready stay at wembley come on pool your never walk alone ynwa rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfci hate fa cup on itv bring it back to the beeb facupfinalwatching the 2 hour pre-show facup patienceandendurancenever been so nervous pre game before comeonyoureds inkennywetrust facupgo chelsea rt chelseaunite wembley wembley facup cu  this is what lfc player will be seeing on the pitch itsablueday wearethefamous cfc believegoing the pub to watch the fa cup final come on liverpool lfc chelseavsliverpool facuprt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..via dj_jase_g reina jonno skrtel agger enrique. hendo spearing stevie. bellamy suarez downing. good team. lfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. facupfinal now we re talking beerlovinglad beersonrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..just about the right line up that. counter attack is our best bet lfc facupanyone in boston going to phoenix landing reddit lfcrt talksport former liverpool captain say league position is more important than cup win lfcleaving for the mudder shortly. good luck and cmon chelseafc in the facupfinalcome on chelsea chelseafc cfcwembley cmon cmon cmon. facupfinal15 minute after midnight on may 6--that s the kick-off time for the facupfinal here in the philippines. so stoked. go chelseafc if gerrard play well the rest of lfc will play well pleasebeupforitsteviedari pada galau playground mending nobar chelsea come on chelsea wembley ktbffh cfcrt chelseafc seems to be drying out in nw london. fingers crossed cfcwembley facupfinal sl time to rally together the culmination of all our effort a proud supporter are underway cfcgerak dulu. rt kojattftw double boo rt larnkristich boo rt deydado sir i m kinda pumped up for the match. cfc kchardenengland chelseafc hjwestle not a chance. you re going to finish 6th with no trophies.off to watch my brother play american football then rushing back for the game goodbrother facupfinal c monyouredsive got pizza in the oven beer in the fridge i m getting ready to watch facup shocking i know south_londoner don t know if it the manager or the players. it wa defo the case with cfc but not sure about us.wonder if chelski will be parking the bus again today lfc ynwa moneynoclass on the way wembely stadium chelseafci m safe home from st helena bay in case anyone wa wondering let the game begin literally lfc ynwa facupfinalbuilding up to thefacup final 2-1 lfc. any prediction tonyhuglin mrolovesyoulobatan.. rt paulworks dean_neeyo blatinwo m sure chelseafc would be smiling.. not only do dey have the .. on the day plastic flag are given out for an facupfinal it s time to remember rafa s word snaptheflag lfcgetting nervous now. come on redmen lfcready.. ynwa liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcformer liverpool captain say league position is more important than cup win lfc liverpool to win facup today chelski suk norwich better than arse nal fuck the arsenal today. this seems like appropriate attire for the day right lfc  1.50 on chelsea to win 3-1 with odds 20 1 im gonna be rich facupfinalnervous about the game also very excited come on you red men facup lfc snaptheflagclearly the underdog today but that doesn t change anything. 50 50 chance. come on ynwa lfc therealdanw85 mattclayden88 stevenage old town for the cup final after cfcrt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcthe fa cup final should be kicking off now facupexcited excited excited so excited go lfc rt bensmithbbc if lfc win the fa cup today it would be dalglish s 28th major honour at the club. cfc have won 22 trophy in their h .. facupfinal haha. our god i really like that when this happens it s going to be awesome night chelsea liverpool facuprt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcwho will win the facup folk lfc cfc lfc gonna do work today only two hour fifteen minute now facup lfcget ready then off to the travs with the lad for something to eat and watch the cup final whatareyousayin facup chelseacanwin rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt philper06 on route 2 the pub come on liverpool facuprt chelseafc send u your pic of the day using cfcwembley and we ll rt our faves a always. facupfinal sl  danwalkerbbc as our backer lfc go for their dream today we go for ours please sign petition for debfibs are key rtfrom stamford bridge to wembley we ll keep the blue flag flying high cfc ktbffh cfc please f n help i think we can all agree on one thing let s hope it s agger and skrtel at cb. ynwa lfc lfc facupfinalrt chelseafc it s facupfinal day and is there a better feeling than another cfcwembley day feeling confident blues fan sl watching the build up on lfc tv well better than espngood luck lfcrt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcyeah woah ynwa wemberley rt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigredsrt adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool ..rt jimmyricewriter liverpoolfc.tv in the tunnel to bring you official confirmation of the cup final team a soon a it s announced - o ..rt naziho_torres9 let s do it tonight cfcrt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off im standing next to elvis from the chelseafc stadium tour on the tube. chelsea cfcup next small matter of cfc vs. lfc at wembley facupfinalrt cfcchants torres torres he left the kop to join the shed.. torres torres he forced liverfool to panic buy now they chanting car ..2 hour to go.. getting nervous now lfcrt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafc lfc rt if u love liverpoolfc ynwai love liverpool.you ll never walk alonert liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfccan t wait for the facup final tonight. go go chelseafcrt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcrt naziho_torres9 let s do it tonight cfcrt talksport former liverpool captain say league position is more important than cup win lfcrt cfcstuff frank lampard on the fa cup final to win the fa cup will be tough but i m determined to do it and keep our form going ..rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfccome on liverpool wembleyi am ready to win ynwa rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc6 year ago lfc did it 6 year later we ll do it again yup i want 2 cup for the parade on sunday ynwadisiarke nangdi toh rt ucup_jongkok just 2 hour to go d facupfinal lfc ynwart bluechampion been there. done that. many times. cfc chelseafc rt helenhamill trevor_donaghy liverpool fan - you ll never walk alone via youtube come on liverpool lfcrt russ_citystereo busting out some lyric before the cup final then tonight i m thinking a night out in southampton to celebrate a l .. imkhoolikethat lfc huh loser fool club p facupfinal today let s go chelseafc cfc cfcwembleyhard to beat fa cup final day come on you reds ynwa lfcrt henrywinter front of 10 cfc v lfc fa cup final programme.. drogba v skrtel wembley lfcpraying phil dowd doesn t ruin this game today facupfinalrt sarahjamesm009 how on earth did bert trautmann play on with a broken neck puts some of today s nancy boy to shame. espn facupnext on our list for today chelsea v liverpool facup final -  faminholfc to blindly follow them who are not good enough for our club is plastic flag waving supporting. is lfcrt viveksharmaa dalgish ha never lost against chelsea a a player and manager where a chelsea ha not lost yet at the new wembley s .. tifany68 cool i got short a shirt on all red rushj44 lfccounting down the minute til kick off comeonyoureds liverpoolfc ynwaparty at my house tonight cfc vs lfc facupfinal run2infinity tristanp84 liverpool 78 - chelsea -4 facup fuckit good picturei hope whoever sits in my seat i had for the semi put the effort in and sings up loud lfc guttednottobetherewatching marley before facup naturalmysticphil dowd inspects the wembley turf ahead of the facupfinal between chelseafc and lfc  johncrossmirror that team should be stoned off the pitch. how could they put u through all these.rt espntvuk former chelseafc bos claudio ranieri join ian rush markchapman amp kellycates for talk of the terrace facupfinal ..rt cjhogan8 liverpool gt chelsea for me today. facupfinalif anyone can help lfc with the story of these tile please let the team at the lfc museum know misshanks  luis16suarez kennethdalglish glen_johnson dirk_18_kuyt come on boy bring the cup back to anfield ynwa lfc kaiserjonny grocerjackukfirst beer of the day whilst listening to an oompah band cover of stamford bridge to wembley. most odd cfcrt adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool ..rt scousenoteng important message for people with ticket for the lfc end we don t wear fuckin jesters hats or half amp fuckin hal ..rt courtois13_a7x en route to wembley..come on chelsea cfcat the end of a storm there s a golden sun. ynwa lfc goodluck for tonight crash the blueshite bring fa cup to anfield inside wembley now. pitch look excellent. stationed near lfc end today cfc facupfinal rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc chelseafc we are winning the trophy at wembley davidluiz_4 juanmata10 cfcnews.rt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa rt empireofthekop rt richard_buxton_ inside wembley now. pitch look excellent. stationed near lfc end today cfc facupfinal ..you ll never walk alone final_facup wembleyaw imagine supporting chelsea tho. coyr lfc xmy fa cup final prediction chelsea 3-1 liverpool facupthe jungle ha been strimmed down a mowed nice chill in the bath ready for the facupfinal comeonthe rednice match for rvp but afc. in general poor now pray cfc don t win the champion league. disgracert cfcchants ashley cole the playboy cfcrt cfcchants john terry amp ivanovic the great wall of stamford bridge cfcyou will never walk alone..every lfc supporter in botswana ha their jersey on lfc rt bluechampion drogba terrorised gallas in the fa cup semi final. he can do that to carragher that is if he s not retired yet. cfc theredbridge no mate manchester united all the way haha.. facupfinalcoming up on itv carragher reina and gerrard playing guess who. yes really facup lotusflowerldn cool enjoy footie facupfinal i am glamming it up now getting ready for tonight looking forward to going out xan interview with fabrice rather excited. facup mattlawexpress come on villa rt chelseachadder on this day 1979 - ray wilkins played his last game for chelsea v ipswich . cfc mywordjust got to wembley. a sea of red and blue facup lfc cfc facupfinal time hoping for a dominant lfc performance capped with a win ynwa winningnot believing any lineup until they come from the official lfc twitterloves finishing professional practice just in time for the buildup facupfinal ynwa lfc team v chelsea - reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez.the two hour build up is so pointless but give me an excuse not to do revision lfcwhats going on the facup should be a day on it own. the magic isn t the same when there s a full fixture listrt chelseastats each of the last 5 facupfinal winner have been blue chelsea x3 portsmouth and mancity .rt auzair_lfc this day is dragging big time 3 hour till kick off facupfinal lfc anfieldsouthrt fadochicago facupfinal live today at 11am - come watch with u liverpool chelsea chelsea.. champion.. cisc cfci am now going to sit on this sofa enjoy the facup final and probably not move for the rest of the day  itv don t compare di matteo s cup pedigree to dalglish s are you stupid facuprt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..never ha there been a man le deserving of his job.. adrian chiles itv why adrianchiles facupwtf is adrian chiles wearing on his foot brown shoe and grey suit robbiesavage8 facupfinal worthy of a piss take if you ask me lolvictory or popularity jt victory. legend. cfctorres is going to rape reina. facupfinal empireofthekop liverpool s lineup v chelsea facupfinal rt liam_tomkins any spare going look for me in moore spice opposite stadium. lfc facupfinal my line up reina johnson skrtel agger enrique hendo spearo stevie bellers luis carroll subs sd mr js jc dk mk ad ynwart liam_lfc_coyle snaptheflag get this trending lfcts lfctickets lfcfacevalue lfc snap the plastic flagsrumoured lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo bellamy gerrard downing suarez lfcrt chelseaunite wembley wembley facup cu 2 hour until the fa cup final can t wait to see the look on torres face when gerrard lift the cup hopeful lfceez come bak here wetin gbafuo mean lanskyleone taa gbafuo rt w_cub3 cos u a lfc fan. dnt hate bro relate lanskyleone abeg makec mon liverpool. lfc andynuttall i m rooting for liverpool today hope you have a blast facupfinalrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt mrjakehumphrey i love facupfinal day. even when it no longer ha the afternoon to itself i still see it a one of the biggest day ..rt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafc cfc winning ways.bit of pre-match reading here a pepe reina point the finger at chelsea over fernando torres cfc lfc the romance of the fa cup nearly in tear already facuprt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. ebengallagher can t wait for fa cup final tonight. doublewinners lfc ynwa 8elieve wem8leyrt fadochicago facupfinal live today at 11am - come watch with u liverpool chelsea final can t beat day like this playing one of your best friend team in a final. facupfinal ynwa rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. _selorm arsenal for europa league n chelseafc for champions leaguert duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezlove fa cup final day let the build up commence lfcchelsea chelseafc facupfinal rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..boy o boy ..pre match nerve have just started ..lager is remedy ..lets go folk lfcrt luketraynorecho good banner. s appenin wembley lfc wembley mrjoelnicholas maeda_kohei u also lfc rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. lfc the moment of ecstasy when torres score an own goal and start belting out ynwa itcouldhappen magasnt a la 10am dice elgraficionado facuprt bluechampion the only liverpool player i d worry about is suarez. clever little bastard. can be a pain for our defence. cfc ryancfc_ match day cant wait for the game to start facup chelsea v liverpool ktbffh2hrs of chiles amp andy townsend before ko. ugh. cfc lfc facuptwo hour to kick off and the nerve are starting time for a drink me think cfc thingsbetterthansex seeing liverpool win trophy lfcrt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezon our way to wembley for the facupfinal. wonder what the team will be come on ye blues. ktbffh arsenal depressed me so im overdosing on these b4 facupfinal my blood is blue. cfc ktbffh facupfinal come on chelsea two win from an amazing double whataclub cfcrt chelseafc seems to be drying out in nw london. fingers crossed cfcwembley facupfinal sl watching the devil within before the match is certainly one way to get the blood pumping. lfc facupfinalrt lee_thesun huge for lfc if true. writtenoff_mufc kagawa ha just spoken on the totalebull tv station i am signing for liverpool were gonna make this a blue day.. come on chelseaa cfcrt siguiendoakevin all of my support to chelsea today.. from guatemala chelseafc cfc let s go blue i see chiles face is supporting wolves facupthis look a if it gonna be amazing lfc bankholidaybonanza2 hour of build up to the facupfinal is ridiculous..we just wanna see a match lfc i have followed you all my life my brother follows you my family now follow you you are a special club in so many lives. believe..dennis wise get off my screen facuprt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt bluechampion would you believe it arsenal can now go 5th i know they can do it and they will cfc afcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..can t wait for the game facupfinalcant wait for the match chelseafc cfcsky lfc empireofthekop i am so ready for this final to start on foxsoccer. supporting the reds from lafayette louisiana.rt kenpootcfc chris cohen - the david luiz song chelseafc ktbffh cfc utc timlovejoy fa cup signifies the end of all football and ha a day to itself and kick off at 3. your not getting old cfc chelsea facuprt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa dear kenny make u dream again anfieldsouth facup lfc kingkenny ynwaen route to raz s facupfinalgood to see god on itv robbie9fowler lfc facupfinalto watch the facupfinal or not to watch the facupfinal.. that is the question abt 2 hr to kick-off can t wait c mon reds. we re all behind you ynwa lfcits not too early to start of the tanquerayusa tanq n slim right we re watching facup - come on liverpool thatsmyexcusesothereliverpool line up reina johnson skrtel agger enrique downing spearing henderson gerrard bellamy suarez lfc .. only one change from mine facupfinal i hate that smug looking john terry - for many reason i hope lfc win todaytoday it is all about you lfc 2 hour until kick off. come on lfc make this a season to remember for the right reason ynwa rt haroldphilip liverpool you ll never walk alone. oh chelsea you ll never make history. lfc .ready bgt rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcrt liam_lfc_coyle snaptheflag get this trending lfcts lfctickets lfcfacevalue lfc snap the plastic flagsrt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt empireofthekop eotk kenny his player disloyal fan and being consistently unlucky lfc fbrt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezit s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafc rt empireofthekop chelsea v liverpool lfc - watch free live facupfinal later today on - need a uk ip see htt ..rt grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc lt lt lt lt lt lt lt lt predict rt empireofthekop eotk when manager kenny scored the winning goal against chelsea lfc fbrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..could adrian chile be any more downbeat in itv facupfinal build up liv chert itvfootball watch live facupfinal between chelsea and liverpool is on air now on itv1 and online here cfc .. lfc do look strong. almost all of them step their game for us. big_g_aroo cheers m8 ching ching 1st of many a toast 2 the mighty redmen ynwa lfc fa cup final is near lets go reds ynwa lfcrt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcgod is on my tv itv lfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt bensmithbbc if lfc win the fa cup today it would be dalglish s 28th major honour at the club. cfc have won 22 trophy in their h ..rt empireofthekop liverpool echo liverpool fc news jamie carragher exclusive interview chelsea stand in the way again ..rt rosiecfc victory or popularity jt victory. legend. cfcteam chelseafc all day come on blue cfc itvfootball cfcwembley facupfinal can t be at wembley so this is the next best thingwhat do you think about the match jesscfc 2 hour to go eekk.. the excitement facupfinal come on liverpool score the goal win the cup lfcrt rosiecfc victory or popularity jt victory. legend. cfc umbro sweet carroll nine der der der you and suarez look so good so good so good so good facup specialiboots umbrouh-oh mum bought out cfc balloon better win this one then chelseafc go blues punish the reds at once m rt empireofthekop rt lfc exclusive interview with lucas leiva and charlie adam at the lfc team hotel facupfinalwaiting for kickoff facupfinal go liverpool  darrenarsenal1 unforgivable amp infuriating. this summer has to be an end to the mediocrity all the dead wood must go rt jamesfarren09 i prefer a facup with an underdog in it not two team with racist rt jasonmsaidwhat prons_ awesome my bra. bly om te hoor. geniet die game. ek hoop ons pull hom deur. let s go lfc ynwa cc lfcza l .. lfc team v chelsea - reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez.wanna eat and later go watch the game liverpool v chelsea fc facupfinal so facupfinal seems to be on al jazeera sports 3. my du contract only give me 1 and 2. so finger crossed the vpn is working.. facupfinal so many player i don t like i don t know who i want to winwhat are your prediction for the facupfinal johndykesuk it wouldn t be bad if cfc end up winning it rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..quite relieved to see that lineup. probably the same 11 i d have gone with. come on red lfccome on you blue facup lfc lfc chelski can t beat liverpool in fa cup final it just doesn t work like that.it would be like prince charming marrying ugly sisterthe blue all the way new wembley always favor cfc facupfinal less than 2 hour to go. buzzing finally itv ha found a good pundit - god robbie9fowler lfcfa cup final bitchss oh oh oh big day so excited cmon liverpool lfc facupfinali m looking forward to the right guard advert on itv which is due to be aired just before the winning goal facupmost liverpool fan seem confident but others told me this wa the most nervous they have been for a big final facupfinalwaiting for the fa cup final comereds lfcrt jam_lfc lfc team v chelsea - reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez.now watching pre match build up on itv. cfc lfc facupfinalrt iandoylesport bit of pre-match reading here a pepe reina point the finger at chelsea over fernando torres cfc lfc ..i don t know what s going to hurt more john shag you re bird terry or lfc getting there dirty mitt on the facuprt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezithink this will help the boy big time before the kick-off. prematchpreparation cfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..if people don t believe in miracle i m a walking miracle. - fabrice muamba football facuprt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt chaniobi not sure who i want to win this. can t stand either team facupcome on you blue facupfinali wa almost totally right with my lfc line-up prediction. bellamy instead of carroll soclosethis is chelsea s 11th game at the new wembley since 2007. w - 7 amp l - 3. cfcchelsea 3 liverpool 1 rt grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc lt lt lt lt lt lt lt lt predictrt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..come on chelsea glory is yours cfc facuprt jam_lfc lfc team v chelsea - reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez.rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez cfc on the annual open top bus to wemberlee time to notch up another cup final via westfield and a few disgruntled liverpool fanthe script is written for torres to score the winning goal facupfinalready rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcoh no.. carroll doesn t start spearing does. starttheplayerswhodeserveit lfcrt enzobobbies you will never walk alone lfc mattlawexpress come on matt give u fan something to look forward to. to get 4th now below spurs would be a disastrous a not qualifyingreally can t predict who s gonna win today facuprt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezcan t wait facup facupfinalcome on chelseafc do u me proud again today so i can sip on some ciroc wid my homies tonyt gona be a big game today facup lfc 34th time at wembley today 23rd involving dalglish. king. via livechonews  offshotluke well said sir. quintessentially english. facupok two thing needed today. massive win for wednesday please and a massive win for liverpool will be much appreciated. swfc lfcrt danial00 fa cup final. lfcsoaking up the atmoss in the faclub wembley come on redmen lfc ynwai love u robbie robbiefowler lfc facupfinalhe s a villa fan. rt mattlawexpress everyone asking for a villa favour - jeez you re desperate nevergonnahappenfeeling surprisingly confident about today. and torres will score. cfcbring on the blues rt rekisetyawan it s facupfinal day and is there a better feeling than another cfcwembley day chelsea all d way facup final indoliverpoolfc yeeaah facupfinal rt dankennett lfc 34th time at wembley today 23rd involving dalglish. king. via livechonews ok t.v drink facupkenny dalglish insists he will forever be in liverpool s debt even if he win another trophy today cfc lfc rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. adamphillip_ 9 year old son say 2-1 2 1 from mata 1 form toress and one from andy carrol chelseafc ktbffhmassive day for chelsea. let s let everyone know that we own wembley. facupfinal kingsofwembley graciemay91 what are you on about facupfinal just started on itv1 drt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..did the match kick off facupfinal lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez lt thank fuck for thatrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..i predict extratime today facupfinalcan t wait for kick off cfc facupfinalcan t call today final gonna be huge lfc or chelseafc oo cmon red mattlawexpress that s rubbish and based on only a few occurences antisocialgeneralitiesrt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off  bobbithepuppy bobbi ya gotta start followin sport.. thrs always somethin happenin mate go lfc thingsbetterthansex cfc winning the fa cup today and the ucl in two week blueisthecolourrt empireofthekop the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez not too bad a team - pre match footage.. lfc cfcrooting for chelsea today cfcrt empireofthekop rt richard_buxton_ inside wembley now. pitch look excellent. stationed near lfc end today cfc facupfinal ..rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezdi matteo scored in two fa cup final legend cfc mustbethejanay i can only imagine the stress level you will be experiencing today. facupwell i m going liverpool to beat chelsea 2-1 facupdennis wise think chelsea will win today..hardly likely to say anything else legend cfctime to shine cfc blues chelseafc make me proud boy rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again come on you red lfc facupfinal i m going to end up with hair like chrissyshipway with this late kick off lfc ynwart hillsboroughanf if anyone can help lfc with the story of these tile please let the team at the lfc museum know misshanks ..john terry is such a twat facup chelsea liverpool ynwaliverpool reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez. lfc officialrt liam_tomkins any spare going look for me in moore spice opposite stadium. lfc itvfootball you have my complete and utter attention for the next 4 and a half hour facupfinalrt empireofthekop rt henrywinter front of 10 cfc v lfc fa cup final programme.. drogba v skrtel c mon chelsea don t let them redneck win facupfinalrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off faltan 2 horas 2 hour remaining facupfinal liverpool v chelsea.. lfc v cfc. reds v blues. facup come on lfc god is on itv1 ynwa lfc lfcfamilyrt bluechampion i want drogba to start. i d save fernando torres for his stoppage time rounding off of reina. cfcwhen is the game of chelsea vs liverpool chelseafcon the tv gantry 2nd home along with stancollymore . we appear to be only one prepping for the game.. facupfinal heard the lfc team today is - reina glen agger skrtel enrique spearo hendo gerrard downing bellamy suarez.i look at the two line-ups and there is nothing between them..our heart though win it for me.. lfcthe lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez rt bluechampion it wa thierry henry once. then it wa fabregas. now it s robin van persie. the fate will be the same. this summer. c ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..this is gonna be painful. 2 team i despise. can not bear to c either team lift the facupfinalfa cup final team news in under an hour. cfci m too impatient hurry up fa cup final lfc ynwart jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt lfc liverpool fan in fine voice in the pub around wembley. here s the scene outside the torch come on liverpool you can do this facupfinal youknowthatshit woo xrt thefadotcom cfc have only lost one of their last 33 fa cup match excluding penalty shootout defeat . facupfinal optajoeis at wembley facupfinalrt jdufault12 huge one today at wembley. come on chelseafc cfcwembley supertorresrt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezfirst time facup chelsea99-1liverpool rt grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc lt lt lt lt lt lt lt lt predict chelseafc let s go chelsea let s go. win the f.a cup today dennis wise you should of been a jockey you dwarf lfc cfcrt empireofthekop rt henrywinter front of 10 cfc v lfc fa cup final programme.. drogba v skrtel two scenario for me facupfinal .. chelsea on penalty or a 2-0 straight win what are yours rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezand while not drinking and not viewing facup i will be at a wedding where i know noone coverage ha already started facup abrownie_3 let s goo sweepsfestival in rochester toddler having a nap in car getting ready for facup rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. lfc come on lad make u proud today ynwart empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezooh. i got 10 out of 11 when predicting the lfc team. i had carroll not bellamy.the suspense is starting to kick in lfcalways good to see wice cfcgo on lfc chelsea 15 v 3 liverpool grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc lt lt lt lt lt lt lt lt predict that cup is ours. come on you blue comeonyoublues cfcwembley facupfinal ktbffhthe torch is packed facupfinalrt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcrt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezwonder if the 2 hr match build up will feature any chelsea history oh no bc they don t have any nor a song come on reds lfcsuffered a bit of a wardrobe malfunction in the great hall speaking to jason mcateer thankfully i don t think he noticed. haha. facupfinalrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt jpetrenko23 great win this weekend by adelaide_fc and wwtfc_eagles. feeling amazing now need chelseafc to cap it off tonight fuck. 5 hour of adrian chiles. lfcrt lfc the rain is falling in london but it hasn t dampened liverpudlian spirit outside the national stadium a red easily outnumbers bluert bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafc facupfinal omg.. is that this legitimate looking forward to tonights final gt gt gt gt cfc v lfc.. cfcthank god no carroll rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique .. rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off predictions facuprt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezwhy is facupfinal on so late what am i meant to do between footy match boredrt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt lowrey82 ok two thing needed today. massive win for wednesday please and a massive win for liverpool will be much appreciated. s ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. mrjimmycorkhill two hours till kick off .. can t cope .. facupfinal lfc lfc holycrap nervesareshotrt chelseaanalysis fa cup final team news in under an hour. cfcfootball nerve kicking in facupfinalrt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt thedon1978 two hour till kick off bitch.. lfc facupfinalrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..jus woke up so i can t be nervous gimmie like 30 mins. lfcthe final of the facup is le than two hour away. share u your thought on who will win and we ll mention them live on air rt keaano need to get dirtyscousers trending worth an attempt surely chelsea fan cfc ktbffh wembleyisourhomert empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..john terry asked if he d prefer victory or popularity. he ll never have both but hope he get neither today. not terry s it s ours. lfctorres is in form but can we trust him to put in a performance.. it is liverpool cfcyohii rt chelseaanalysis fa cup final team news in under an hour. cfc everydaypundit cheeky. especially from a cfc fan - you ve not won anything yet and yes i did stay for it.come on chelsea facup facupfinal on my mind rt tommporter come on you blue facupnever thought i d say this. just for today you ll never walk alone facupfinalrt chelseafc rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off if i ve missed stan boardman i ll be gutted. facupin a couple of hour this is gonna be your chelseafc .. go blues cfc cfcpics ktbffh 2-1 in favor of liverpool grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc lt lt lt lt lt lt lt lt predict dennis wise look like ant or dec. the small one facupfinalrt andrewcollins80 leaving for wembley nervous but pretty sure we can do it comeonyoublues cfcwembley ktbffh wembleykingsrt thechelseaway john terry is set to make his 50th fa cup appearance. legend. cfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt rosiecfc victory or popularity jt victory. legend. cfcwish i wa at wembley with uptonsgarden and wiseo55 cfc carefreert empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezliverpool shirt on facupfinal liverpoolvschelsea andycarrollrt reactmedia winning in sixth place nigga pls el_swaggnifico fail rt call_me_biodun support the winning team teamchelsea cf ..rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off  ynwa rt edwinorkpsp bring on the blues rt rekisetyawan it s facupfinal day and is there a better feeling than another cfcwembley dayrt ginpalacedublin f.a. cup golden goal comp 2 to enter brianc166 lauragiffney hana_gallagher dara130 hmvmusicstore ioreilly85 ..rt hillsboroughanf if anyone can help lfc with the story of these tile please let the team at the lfc museum know misshanks ..rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off watching facup build up on itv. 1 question what colour is dennis wise orange.just had tea with dalgleish didn t know he take carragher everywhere to interpret. still clueless a to what wa said cfc cfcwembley lfc nepalireds do u know if any channel is broadcasting facupfinal here in nepal  duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezremembering 01 and 06.. could not be more excited to actually watch liverpool on tv again facupfinalrt chelseaanalysis fa cup final team news in under an hour. cfclfc team v chelsea for facupfinal reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez .. ynwa facup final is sponsored by budweiser and is also being played on a day with other fixture disgrace traditionchelsea tv exclusive didier s final moments via chelseafc facupfinal if spearo doe play he gotta ave the game of his life in centre mid ynwa lfcfamily lfc jft96 dontbuythesunrt liddellpool my blood pressure is now beginning to slowly rise lfcwatch the final on itv or espn it s a bit like being asked to choose between taking a punch in the face or a kick in the sack facupfinalrt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezandy townsend robbie fowler and dennis wise on itv facup coverage switch over rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrumoured lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez corksoutwines wouldn t miss it for the world lfc all the way. johncrossmirror what wenger doing tactically john after we took the lead we were so open still just close the gate we had the win good to see the legend dennis wise on the facupfinal pre build up show on itv. fowler isn t half bad himself but never played for cov loldoesn t really need any more word lfc facup ok i know we re starting at 5 15 but hey it s facupfinal day.rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt thurman_ms liverpool go get them red delvano lfc  facupfinal chelsea come on lfc beat the plastic flag waver facup plasticflags ynwa lfc line up reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez. ynwathe fa cup highlights. cfctime for a debate over lfc team selection. does anyone think dalglish will go with three centre-backs and suarez and carroll up front  inbir316_lfc you got a beer yet have one for me bro lfccfc 52 liv 48 rt grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc lt lt lt lt lt lt lt lt predictrt thechelseaway john terry is set to make his 50th fa cup appearance. legend. cfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..so cfc still ha 3 huge thing to play for dis season winning the fa cup the cl to qualify for the next season cl coyb make a gr8 seasonhope chelsea win today facupfinalkenny v rdm. stevie g v jt. it s red v blue..it is liverpool v chelsea. facupfinal start in 2 hours. pre-match in 45 minrt melbliverpoolsa cup update the imperial is now approaching capacity. non-members will soon be directed to the portland on russell ..good to see robbiefowler on tv again facuprt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off chelseafc rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafc mattlawexpress come on you villans rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt barcalista7 reina the difference between fernando and myself is that i have had the confidence of the people at my club all the t ..rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off come on you red ynwa lfc facup liverpoolfc  oliverdilieto mahonschleb may have to change it to arsenal or the toon tbf. but there will only be 3 spot cfc ucl2012 bringbackthedrumteam news coming soon. lt an hour excited cfc lfc shirt on today. you already sno dat unfortunately can t watch the facupfinal today. recording it. gonna be tough to not go on fb or twitter for the next day 1 2 worthitrt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt chelseaunite wembley wembley facup cu  chelseafc excited only a couple of hour to go rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off denis wise. didn t he score a very fine goal in the san siro in 199 cfcrumoured liverpool team v chelsea reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing suarez bellamy. lfcrt empireofthekop rt anfieldindex kids all ready in their kit lt lt adorable lfc facupi m a blue today simply because i hate liverpool facupfinalquestion posed to terry victory or popularity terry responds victory. no shit. popularity sailed away a long time ago facupwe re just on the train at beaconsfield with kenny s army.. lfcrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off  kelrock1977 prediction chelsea 2-1 lampard to score winner. nervoustimes cfc facup chelsea lifting the trophy sum up the worst day ever. iand1905 interesting. you revert to typical cfc type the gutter and we re shameful do you have to be a neanderthal to support cfc spot the scouser lfc wafc couldnt agree more with townsend 1-0 lfc 9 1rt kurniadwir chelsea v lfc. y wish i wa at wembley to support my boy come on you red lfchoping that chelseafc win first trophy of the season today ktbffh cfcrt datkid_dizzle team chelseafc all day come on blue cfcrt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezlets get behind the lad today kopites forget the league form we need to believe in the first 11 whoever is picked ynwa lfcchelsea 2 liverpool 1rt grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc lt lt lt lt lt lt lt lt predictin a pub in wembley about to leave for the game statoftheday didier drogba ha scored 7 goal in 9 game at wembley coyb chelseafcvery much excited to know stevie downing beller and suarez all start lfc ynwa facupfinalcome on chelsea care free cfc chelseafc for the cup rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt beccajames6 reina johnson skrtel agger enrique downing spearing henderson gerrard bellamy suarez lfcrt wwi_ thinking of the fa cup final.. i ve bumped into this cartoon from 1915 football facup wwi cartoon  guyshort14 fuck. 5 hour of adrian chiles. lfc espn muahahaso anxious a win would be priceless facup lfc sebastiancoates charlie26adam dirk_18_kuyt glen_johnson lucasleiva87 mr11ok luis16suarez lfc wish the team luck c mon u red men rt sports_mole two hour from kickoff follow the build-up to this afternoon s facup final with u here rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt cfcchants torres torres he left the kop to join the shed.. torres torres he forced liverfool to panic buy now they chanting car ..chelsea 3 - 1 liverpool - you heard it here first. facupfinalrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt gwalsh94 no carroll it seems disappointed by that. lfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off liquid courage for today cfcwembley cmon you blue rt chelseafc rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt chelseafc didier drogba will be on the graham norton show on bbc1 tonight at 10.35pm.. cfc sl rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off bellamy and suarez to lead the front-line lfcrt lukehirst the facup final should kick off at 3.00pm. it should be on the bbc. the build up should start at 9.00am. and it should b ..who the fuck are liverpool come on chelsea facup lfc great memory of me doing this many year ago. good luck lads. stay safe.rt bethany_lfc lfc fa cup run 5-1 v oldham 2-1 v man utd 6-1 v brighton 2-1 v stoke 2-1 v everton. good run that.whenever you want to do a nice full day of uni work there always something on to distract you facup dontwanteitherteamstowin coysrt ziyaad_lfc from maradona with love ynwa lfc liverpool ynwa lfc lfc duncanjenkinsfc lfc team for today final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off  facupfinal little bit surprised that carroll not startingthe best thing 2 happen 2day is a bomb 2 land on wembely facupfinalrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt jpetrenko23 great win this weekend by adelaide_fc and wwtfc_eagles. feeling amazing now need chelseafc to cap it off tonight todays the day lfcrt sg8official itv1 coverage of the chelsea v liverpool fa cup final game at wembley start now tune it there. lfc ynwa chelseafc just realised i puit a tenner on u to lift the cup at the start of the season cmon chels cfc rt rt paulair rumoured - reina johnson skrtel agger enrique henderson spearing gerrard bellamy downing suarez. lfcrt newsliverpool fa cup final chelsea v liverpool - live lfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. slinkysuz haha at least wait til we have scored 4 lfc facupgreat final game at the emirates..now home in time for the fa cup cfcdirty scouser causing all the traffic. go away you mugs. cfcrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt liam_lfc_coyle snaptheflag get this trending lfcts lfctickets lfcfacevalue lfc snap the plastic flagshappy to go with that lfc team that the great duncanjenkinsfc ha tweeted there. he s actually kenny dalglish you know.copo rt tyanapitupulu rtmpsindofans can t hardly wait for the match chelsea facupfinal dur pillow are red rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off only a couple of hour to kickoff hope we can win and brighten up a miserable day lfc ynwarobbie fowler surrounded by 2 ex chelsea players. bias facuphoping cfc win today then lose the cl final.liverpool half time chelsea full time 28-1. facupfinalrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..oh dennis wise what lovely eye pure chelseafc legend good to see him supporting u today rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..the facup - ko 5.15 on itv football season not over lost it s way completely.rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt charlieeaves come on you blue facupfinal facup this can be completely f cked upwards. whattodo rt smallbone32 who the fuck are liverpool come on chelsea facupmatchday __another glory day for lfc d facupfinal xxrt newsliverpool fa cup final chelsea v liverpool - live lfcrt chelseachadder on this day 1979 - ray wilkins played his last game for chelsea v ipswich . cfc mywordthe way all boy would be uncontactable in precisely 2 hour facupfinalgetting butterfly already and still another 2hours to go lfc ynwasettling down for the fa cup. since i don t really support either side i want football to be the winner facupfinalwaiting for chelsea v liverpool fa cup finals. go chelseafc rt amyfrench3 blue is the colour baby come onn chelseafcno shelvey. fucking guttered lfcrt menofshankly to cfc you have won 22 trophy in your history. kenny ha won 28 alone.getting very nervous now waiting for the game. ynwa facupfinal iandoylesport lfc team v chelsea - reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez.rt umbro to win signed andy carroll speciali boot just rt this message before the end of today s facup rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt chelseaunite wembley wembley facup cu not long till kick off come on lfc lfctoo nervous. see you on the flipside. maybe. cmon you red lfcrt rosiecfc victory or popularity jt victory. legend. cfclet s go chelsea facupfinalrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. cfc . . . little advice to lfc rt tamartotty really classy chelsea really classy. facupfinal lfc cfc rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..fa cup final today. chelsea v liverpool letsgochelsea cfcwembleyrt chikaceo exactly 2hrs to go chelseafcrt chelseafc rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off  jmcc_23 who u up for today liverpool or chelsea facupin the olden daze we would ve had hour of build-up - cup final mastermind interviewing team on the coach etc facupfinal theoldendaze minimark157 darrenarsenal1 but you can blame wenger for the attitude the player have shown v lowly team like qpr wigan and norwichrobbie any chance you ve brought your boot with you lad lfckenny dalglish ha never lost to chelsea a a manager. p13 w10 d3. facupfinalrt henrywinter front of 10 cfc v lfc fa cup final programme.. drogba v skrtel chelsea 1-1 liverpool. lvp win on penalties. lvp cfc facuprt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..the football god will be watching over wembley today for the fa cup final - but will they favour liverpool or chelsea lfc cfc wembleyrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt conallmcd never thought i d say this. just for today you ll never walk alone facupfinalcan the fa cup final just hurry up and start already cba to wait another 2 hour facup lfcrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off beer at the ready.. itv switched on.. dog sleeping on luketopping.. can only mean one thing.. facupfinal ynwa lfcrt therealalrimmer spot the scouser lfc wafc nandos with the old man before watching the chels cfc comeonyoubluesrt chelseafc seems to be drying out in nw london. fingers crossed cfcwembley facupfinal sl hope football win today in the fa cup unfortunately thats impossible a either chelsea or liverpool have to win cfc lfc winforracismrt deadmandrb two hour of facupfinal build up. how unnecessary.rumoured that carroll isn t starting big mistake. drop downing and have a 4-3-3 with bellamy suarez and carroll. facup lfc cfcrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off  sam_alton_mckee chelseafc is going to get a mean slapping by lfc. your tear will bring me glory after the match.follow all the facupfinal build up with alantyers who ha learned all the word to abide with me for the occasion robbie fowler still look like he s one of the grange hill cast facup smperris because facupfinalrt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafc chelseafc nothing beat a spook and diesel in my favourite vessel facupfinal ktbffh rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezthe 1990 full set facupfinal matchworn mufc didier drogba is the king of the new wembley with 7 goal in 7 appearance with 3 in the final chelseafc ktbffh cfc utcrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off dennis wise get off my tv screen you utter cunt wankeralert facupfinalrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off fa cup final chelsea v liverpool live yahoo eurosport liverpool eye a cup double while c.. lfc faiscorruptstupid time for an fa cup final completley undermines the competition. should be after the season facupreina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez lfc facupfinalrt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezcome on chelseafc bring home that fa cup rt leeannmcdonald7 cfc fan boo the minute s silence in remembrance of hillsborough.. we have to hammer them today.. lfcthink you d have to start drogba seeing a he delivers every time at wembley nando could be a super sub and grab the headline tho.. cfc11 del liverpool reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez facuprt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off would of had carroll for downingz but fair enough selection come on lfc  facup winner get 1 8 million gbp looser half less. match programme 10 gbp twice gt in 1 2 final . who will win - rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..how about an lfc win to calm the nerve rt empireofthekop i need something to calm down my nerveon the side note first pint ha gone down very quickly literally within 5 minute facupfinalrt fitmiss360 come on the pool lfc facupfinal ynwabreaking news confirmed liverpool line-up v chelsea fa cup final lfcstats.co.. lfc faiscorrupt lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez . confirmedrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. lukepatchett24 facup party today robbie fowler is god legend lfcbit gutted big andy isn t starting but am sure he will come off the bench lfcarsenal begin clearout man united to sign 38m pair liverpool set to complete 16m playmaker d.. lfc faiscorruptfrom stamford bridge to wembley we ll keep the blue flag flying high. cfcwembley chelsea carefree cfc comeonyoubluesrt babygurlraca88 people moaning on my facebook coz it full of facup fotos and updates. i sit threw ur i luv my kid update and 3 ..rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off  mannasarah lfc goodluck today boy you ll do amazing bring home another cup lfcprideready for the final blue cfc cfcpics chelseafc ktbffh rt traceparr wonder if the 2 hr match build up will feature any chelsea history oh no bc they don t have any nor a song come on ..i think this is gunna be a crappy game facuprt livvysgroup livvy with timlovejoy and simonrim in the lfc official box. tim is loving it haha rt liverpool rt thurman_ms liverpool go get them red delvano lfc  slayton1fan yes fa cup final kick off in two hour lfccome on lfc rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off one lfc family drinking champers in flute in red wembley car park. thought i wa at twickenham for a sec. lfc wembleyoops na basket ball rt johnwaves chelsea99-1liverpool rt grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc lt lt lt lt lt lt lt lt predictrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. jenkspe hopefully liverpool can improve my mood tonight facupfinal ynwaexcited for the match come on you blues cfcliverpools lineup v chelsea facupfinal empire of the kop starting xi reina johnson sk.. lfc faiscorrupt lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez.rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez facupfinal fuck liverpool it a london ting. standard quoteoftheday chiles townsend fowler and wise couldn t think of 4 worse people itv1 fucking joke get the facup back on bbc12-0 to u carroll and gerrard. you just wait n see i m gonna be right rt liverpooifcnews score prediction facupfinaljust a couple oh hour until the big kick-off nervous cfc and lfc fan facupfinal jamesmulready my love for liverpool is unreal lfc facupthis coming from a lad who come from swanseart ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez lfc on this day 5th may 2012 king kenny lead liverpool to league and fa cup double with victory over chelsea its fa cup final day come on reds facupfinal ynwa lfcrt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa kuduna di matteo nu ngomoong kitu rt dvandr boys we have a special night today make it more than special chelseafc lfc hope big andy startget it on lfc chelseafc v liverpool in fa cup final in wembley. chelsea espn rain gods please hold off.bet on either side to lift the fa cup with this risk free first bet and pick up a tidy win lfc cfcgo liverpool in tonight s facup ynwa facupfinal chelseafc ayo chelsea double winner d chelseafcdie hard fan ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off can t wait for this game lfc v chelsea rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez not confirmed yet .rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt chelseachadder on this day 1979 - ray wilkins played his last game for chelsea v ipswich . cfc mywordrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..why the fuck would anyone go in to a stadium 2 hour before kick off facupfinalrt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezchilds wise and townsend 3 cunt in one room then god robbie9fowler lfc ynwa carlybooth92 now for lfc to win the cup lfca good game today but come on lfc rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off anyone care to predict the score facupfinalmy beloved lfc flag that i ve had since i wa 18 come on redmen facupfinal football photography i rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off no need for the trinity townsend is on show. put away all sharp instruments. facup itvdowning is a lucky boy being in the team today. awful lot of faith to be repaid facupfinalrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt lukehirst the facup final should kick off at 3.00pm. it should be on the bbc. the build up should start at 9.00am. and it should b ..rt chelseafc rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt soccermastery learn soccer skills and drills app free download afc cfc mufc efcrt liverpool rt thurman_ms liverpool go get them red delvano lfc rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..nerves are starting to kick in now might try and get an hour of college work done to take my mine off it facupfinal comeonliverpoolrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt johnson_jc fa cup day lfc ynwart thelonetweet rt if you re supporting lfc today facupfinali love robbie fowler facupfinalcan anybody tweet me the lfc starting 11 for today jack_sear_ liverpooloff to riley for the facupfinal mon the chelsea rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off stat of the day it s colder today than christmas day. oh well. celery cfc rt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off cup final day and on my way to anfield. so nervous i can t breathe. come on lfcdennis wise on the panel .. what a legend cfc facupfinalrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off  helenhamill youtube lfc you ll never walk alone to the job centre rt liverpool rt thurman_ms liverpool go get them red delvano lfc  lfc 3 1 to lift the cup paddypowerif i drew a biro face on my cock it would look exactly like robbie fowler. itv facup kkr win yet another match nw itz time for da facupfinal go go go liverpool beat the chelshit outta dm.. d d  tdmas0n darrenarsenal1 but back then he had some super strong personality that could make the other player un-complacent like sol rt rosiecfc victory or popularity jt victory. legend. cfchappydays lfc facupfinal bruvluv come on chelseafc fuck them scouse cunt 1 hour and 50 min to kick off facupfinalrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off  wallasekatt kolo_martin ollyted marshallsheldon yep - defender disappeared w out a trace - savebytheskinofyurfur arsenal lfc2 hour to kick off . come on lfc rt ppoffers sst.listen liverpool to lift the fa cup 3 1 pricegasm lfcrt jaay_diddy cfc winning ways.we should be 21 min into the first half if it wasn t for the greedy fa. lfcrt simonbayley well itv and adrian chiles about to squeeze the last drop of romance out of the facuplfc team today reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez. lfccome on you blues bring that trophy home cfcwembleyaseek the blues juga rt ainidea rt nouvanmaulana waiting for chelseafc game rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt beccajames6 reina johnson skrtel agger enrique downing spearing henderson gerrard bellamy suarez lfcrt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezwheres everyone watching game then lfcrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezwouldn t be suprised if i bit all my nail off im that nervous. lfcrt menofshankly to cfc you have won 22 trophy in your history. kenny ha won 28 alone. familyguy day until facupfinalrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off having a shit day please make it better lfc delano_sy todaybyjay that doesnt sound good at the worst possible time think you re just nervous about what lfc are gonna do to cfcless than 2 hour .. liverpool v chelsea facup hayleymcqueen whats your prediction today hayley facup rtthe lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez 2plrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt chelseafc rt andrewcollins80 leaving for wembley nervous but pretty sure we can do it comeonyoublues cfcwembley ktbffh wembli m confident of victory though tension is high cfcwembleyrt saikat_chatt lfc team today reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez. lfcrt jieberswag football day today.. cmon chelsea chelseafcrt itvfootball at around 4.15pm today in our live facupfinal show today - adrian chiles interview miracle man fabrice muambachelsea v liverpool fa cup final. let s go cfcrt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off  chelseafc can t wait..rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezpleased with that line-up a long a it s 4-2-3-1. lfcstarting to get those pre-match nerve can only imagine how awesome the vibe must be around wembley right now facup final lfc ynwa chelsea fc all d way .. cfc teamchelsea chelseafcrt hollanipekoon oops na basket ball rt johnwaves chelsea99-1liverpool rt grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc l ..come on lfc rt c_doubleyou liverpool fan banner for today s game facup jft96am i the only one who isn t nervous at all we ll win d cfc utc ktbffhrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezoff out to the pub to watch liverpool get beat facup anythingspossible chelseafc come on today lads- love you boy lt 3rt adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool .. bigsiyo love to hear a lfc track from ye ynwa kennysredmenonthemarchagainrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off c mon you red lfc nur_ak3 today is the facup final between chelsea and liverpool. at 7.15 ba hek 3am ilik prt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. davidporterkf i ll go 2-0 cfc come on the chels rt umbro to win signed andy carroll speciali boots. just rt this message before the end of today s facup ay ay captain bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigreds skrtel agger at the heart of defence gerrard bellamy suarez upfront facupfinal lfcrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off fa cup final chelsea v liverpool ynwa lfc coyrrt jay_78_ she love the scouse cock she love the scouse cock..john terry s ma..she love the scouse cock lfc cfc jamiedalton82 if a performance like that doesn t make wenger throw down for m vila nothing will.come on chelseafc today - sogle1975 g_doggstewartrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off feeling massively nervous about the game now.. only a few hour to go. ynwa lfc shiitrt thurman_ms liverpool go get them red delvano lfc rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt juanmata10 tomorrow one of the most beautiful match you can play in the english football fa cup final.. c ..i don t say this often but come on liverpool facup i fucking hate chelseaim ready for the game cfcwembley chelseafc rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..on way wembley cfc time to win the cuppparked the bike first view of wembley facupfinal come on you red  chelseafc john teddy getting his fix before the big game coyb ktbffh  lfc xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez .come on liverpool d facupfinalpeople let watch this video for chelsea will win today chelseafc its finally hear lfc take on chelsea in the final can t wait ynwais the rumour are true no carroll then but still i m okay with the line-ups. in kenny we trust lfc ynwa 10 for facupfinal programme rip off finalspearing et downing duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez rt simonrowe i ve had itv1 on for just 60 second and adrian childs is annoying me already shut up facuprt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..god is in the studio facupfinal tdmas0n darrenarsenal1 this team doesnt have mentally strong player like before. so the manager need to make them not be complacentso wish i could be at wembley right now - heartbreak there in spirit tho getting goosebump just watchin the build up lfc facupfinalitv 2 hour of build up chat is a bit excessive facupreds waiting for the pub to open facupfinal lfc lfc vancouver  chelseafc in what chanel it the match rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off robbie fowler is in the itv studio legend lfcgod robbie9fowler lfc. facupfinal2012 ynwa. thingsbetterthensex beating lfc in the facupfinal come on chelseafc cfcgood luck lfc ynwart thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n .. hughjassburgers come watch the facupfinalgood luck tinalisk kristenmara you will need it. fact drogba ha scored 6 goal in 6 appearance at wembley cfcrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt iamnchakalih solothang duuh kazi ipo leo nasubiri facupfinal hope it s our day i m believe chelseafc a blue to the core lego ..turn on itv now to see what god actually look like.. lfcdennis wise on the panel - yum he s the reason i started supporting chelsea in 1993. he may be shorter than me but i still would cfcrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..beer and crisp purchased ready for the final now the nerve kick in. come on chelsea facupfinal cfcoff to wembley coyb cfc ktbffhrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..really wish i wa at wembley today so gutting not to be there lfc ynwart thatsagoal rumoured lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt chelseastats rt alrickbrown since 2006 frank lampard ha scored more goal than any other player in the fa cup 19 . chelsea fa ..rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off  cfcwembley let s have it  happyhour1010 which song is it goliverpool you llneverwalkalone facup raen00 ppoffers sst.listen liverpool to lift the fa cup 3 1 pricegasm lfc 5 right on that fuck cfcrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt chelseachadder on this day 1979 - ray wilkins played his last game for chelsea v ipswich . cfc mywordthat s the lfc team i would have chosen.. and it s the same one my 7 year old predicted yesterday.come on liverpool you can win the facupfinal lfc ynwa come on you redone hour left of work then home to get the flag up around the house lfc facupfinalthe best free bet we have found for the fa cup final in a couple of hour facuphappy to start a underdog facupfinal wallasekatt kolo_martin ollyted marshallsheldon just 1 game left of season. savebytheskinofyurfur arsenal lfcwe are in and seat are slightly undercover lfc ynwa rt rosiecfc victory or popularity jt victory. legend. cfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt anditi3 en route wembley. come on you blue cfci get the feeling the ex-liverpool player are never going to live down wearing that white facup suitrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n .. ambiljersey rt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigredsfowler on a bad beak come down facupfinal lfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt kenpootcfc didier drogba is the king of the new wembley with 7 goal in 7 appearance with 3 in the final chelseafc ktbffh cfc utcchelsea can kick some racist as tonight cfcrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off  jwilmakeurday darrenarsenal1 i dont think saf would. he d probably throw a couple of shoe at people s head in the dressing room pjust saying i m red all the way facupfinal rt ehaywood9 rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezi don t like to see lfc win the title at all so i hope chelsea can do it today although all of them have 50 to win the game s will seert duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..nicely done rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off  cfc wish u all the best .. facuptrophyjust seen my head steward on telly inside wembley hahart attackofthekop lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing cont here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. lfc xi v chelsea reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing gerrard henderson downing suarez bellamy.rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt ezizallamov liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez. lfc chelseafc no doubt we r gonna lift the trophy.i hope sturridge doesnt start that kid is more than selfish joefooty lfc ynwa facupfinal wembley hardware luis16suarez and my boy andycarroll are going to tear this shit up lfc toronto s official pub- scallywag waiting for the game that will define the season. come on you red facupcome on chelsea facupfinalrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. facupfinal day always take me back to..small boys..in the park..jumpers for goalposts..isn t it..wasn t it..marvellous rt thedon1978 two hour till kick off bitch.. lfc facupfinalwatching facupfinal rt adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool ..good luck we are all with you chelseafcuni work to do..but how can i do anything on fa cup final day. ready for the game come on liverpool lfc facup ynwart thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..didier drogba doe not want chelsea s fa cup final against liverpool at wembley to be his last outing in the iconic stadium. cfcfeel a bit sorry for carragher but never the le he ll understand why he s been left out lfc facupfinalfor one day only i want chelsea to win today cfcrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off  facupfinals come on you blue makes this a happy day for me cfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n .. grant_cronin duncanjenkinsfc i ll presume it s right but i don t take anything a official unless it s from the lfc twitter facup build uprt kenpootcfc didier drogba is the king of the new wembley with 7 goal in 7 appearance with 3 in the final chelseafc ktbffh cfc utcnot long now..getting very excited at our house come on you red lfc gbarlowofficial facupfinal x xrt writtenoff_mufc rt lee_thesun huge for lfc if true. writtenoff_mufc kagawa ha just spoken on the totalebull tv station i am ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..bango fan bilang the blues. edwinorkpsp bring on the blues rt rekisetyawan it s facupfinal day and is there a better feeling than ancalling it day done taking back some weekend little bit of amulur then facup football to watchfuck off chelsea fc song via youtube ynwa facupfinalrt itvfootball today in our live facupfinal show - adrian chiles interview miracle man fabrice muamba lt not all good news for muamba thenok couple of pound on gerrard to score first. facuprt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..oh those ice cream suits. facupfinal lfc ynwa keaano 100 . wembley is drog s second home. and he s up for this one.. cfcdavid luiz and gary cahill both miss out due to injury but every other first team member is fit chelseafc ktbffh cfc utcbellamy must be on the starting line up lfcrt chloebinnington wish i wa at wembley to support my boy come on you red lfcchelsea ftw blue is the colour teamrdm teamtorres facupfinal lfc starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez.less than 2 hour away from the facupfinal liverpool fan who is your club best ever player vote here kick-off liverpool v chelsea at 1215 facupfinal rt umbro to win signed andy carroll speciali boot just rt this message before the end of today s facup rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt livvysgroup livvy with timlovejoy and simonrim in the lfc official box. tim is loving it haha less than 2 hours.. fa cup final lfc v cfc come on you redmen ynwart ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off fuck off chelsea fc you aint got no history 5 european cups and 18 league now that what i call history ynwa facupfinal rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc2 hour till kick off facupfinal we behind our boy cfc down in south africa torres get 1 juanmata10 to get the other up the blue rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off chelsea fan put these up around wembely facupfinal  lfc starting xi - reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez.rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl haha those white suit lfc itv facup lol 1996 oohh la la cantona rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl can t decide who i dislike most and therefore would like to win least scousersorrentboys facupready chelseafc anna66newton totally agree just int the same anymore is it facup now__football duncanjenkinsfc that wa the team i thought we would play so let s do this reds. lfcrt adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool ..rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt menofshankly to cfc you have won 22 trophy in your history. kenny ha won 28 alone.rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt chelseafc rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt liverpool rt thurman_ms liverpool go get them red delvano lfc  ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off markhoppusrt chelseafc send u your pic of the day using cfcwembley and we ll rt our faves a always. facupfinal sl rt gigipetite1 if you ve not got your lfc shirt on get your lucky pant on for the final today gigibum ynwa pundit on espn being weirdly rude to john barnes facupfinalrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..i should get a pre-match haircut and all.. cfcfinally ready to watch fa cup final.red nail etc lfc let s do this tonight like we did it everytime w chelsea chelsea too win cfc blue 2-1can t wait for this match to start. come on liverpool ynwa lfc facuprt paulair rumoured - reina johnson skrtel agger enrique henderson spearing gerrard bellamy downing suarez. lfcwe re the red we re liverpool and we will won the facups ynwa lfc lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez. lukehunt2490 no kuyt rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez notrt karlmatchett live text commentary build-up of fa cup final lfc cfc . come and give me your comment suppor ..rumored team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard bellamy downing suarez lfcmy predict cfc win tonight rt niesalovalova keep the blue flag flying high cfcrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt deadmandrb two hour of facupfinal build up. how unnecessary.rt itvfootball at around 4.15pm today in our live facupfinal show today - adrian chiles interview miracle man fabrice muambasame team i picked except hendo for maxi lfc ishouldbemanagerrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n .. gullitr yeah but you re wrong facuprt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc facup final ko at 5.15 call me a traditional but what s wrong with a 3 o clock kick off  zoemichelle0401 watch the facupfinal of course xx minimark157 darrenarsenal1 yep. defense wa utterly poor today. all over the place. ever when we were 3-2 up they were missing cfcwembley chelsea to win torres to score the winner facupfinal facup. lfc to win 3-0rt fitmiss360 come on the pool lfc facupfinal ynwalol by now we would be half way into the 1st half..how time have changed - facupfinallet s add another cup to tally lfc facupif we come away victorious from wembley today for the 3rd time this season doe that mean we get to keep it lfc facupfinal goaluk gemma_j1983 the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez i think this the line up xrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n .. siddonschris can t wait for this mundella neverwentschool lad golfwithwheatley drunktweets facupfinal mayweathervcottort chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl so excited for this match now lfc ynwart chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl can they really keep this crap up for two hour facup itvrt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafc tobes1 at home with the wife the dog and a nice cup of tea lfc ynwaand so begin 4 and a half hour of fa cup final coverage facup ynwain wembley plastic flag on all the seats. don t think we need them. lfccan t be doing with this 2 hour build up. -_- facupfinalall about watching the facup final on espn can t take that childes chiles bloke rt newsliverpool liverpool s lineup v chelsea facupfinal lfchope liverpool win..not just co i support them but they will bring the cup home past the end of my road thecaptainisfit lfcrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl and if chelsea win today it ll be that little bit sweeter facupyes oo bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafc why isn t it hot amp sunny why isn t kick off at 3 why is there other football on this is not how facup final day should be come on lfcrt ciscbali welcome to bali utuk para tamu yang baru hadir we are big family and we love one club chelseafc ktbffhcome on reds vamos estoesanfield empireofthekop lfc livvysgroup lfc statistic in a beautiful periodic-table art print. just finished be grateful for a rt. ta rt chelseafc rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off i never use the word hate but i m going to use it. i hate dennis wise. chelsea facup facupfinalrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt rated_r_dave dennis wise think chelsea will win today..hardly likely to say anything else legend cfcrt cfcchants torres torres he left the kop to join the shed.. torres torres he forced liverfool to panic buy now they chanting car ..victory victory for the blues chelsea cfc ktbffhrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl liverpool better play well and win lfc facupfinal ynwa wallasekatt kolo_martin ollyted marshallsheldon paws crossed liverpool do better savebytheskinofyurfur arsenal lfcrt newsliverpool fa cup final chelsea v liverpool live lfcgood news liverpool are in the fa cup final and it s on the tv. bad news it s on itv. lfc facupfinalrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. gullitr well let hope so. lets make this a blue dayy chelsea cfc ktbffh lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt shammigill reds waiting for the pub to open facupfinal lfc lfc vancouver rt chelseaunite tonight final facup chelsea v liverpool ko 23 15 wib live at mnctv espn we re gonna make this a blue day curt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n .. empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez  chelseafc blue is the colour football is the game. we re all together and winning is our aim. go chelseaa rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt liamburden jesuschristftm messiah give the lad on helsbytours a rt about to smash wembley rt naziho_torres9 drogba i hope this isn t my last match at wembley for me it s the most famous stadium in the world cfcrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson cont waiting for the match to start ynwa lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard bellamy suarez downing. rumoured team .. no carroll .. lfc hmmrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..wish i could of gone to wembley today cfcwembley facupfinalrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl am so happy and i really dont noe why or maybe it bcoz chelsea is winning the facupfa cup final tonyt go chelsea ktbffh cfc ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt simonrowe i ve had itv1 on for just 60 second and adrian childs is annoying me already shut up facuprt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..via duncanjenkinsfc lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique - spearing henderson gerrard downing - bellamy suarezrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl nobar lfc w andikajd triyadikss ichwanlfc foodfest what a glorious day for chelseafc to win their first trophy of the season.rt chelseafc it s facupfinal day and is there a better feeling than another cfcwembley day feeling confident blues fan sl starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard bellamy suarez downing. via beccajames6 lfcprobably one of the few football game i will watch facupfinalfa cup final could it be the 2nd cup for u redslegacy lfcrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl  scally121 it s on boxnation sky 456 mate. just 10 a month with no minimum term. facupfinal then mayweathercottoview from my seat facupfinal lfc fuck it i ll wear them all lfc4life facupfinal this time two week we could be fa cup and champion league winner exciting stuff cfcwembley chelsea cfc robbie9fowler feel bad for you having to put up with those 3 tool on the tv takenosh t lfc jft96come the redmen lfc ynwa lfc lfcfamily 2 - 1 lfc winthe most important thing at wembley today is for every fan to enjoy the occasion and remember how lucky they are 2 b there chelseafc lfc1 hour 48 minute lfcrt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cuprt menofshankly to cfc you have won 22 trophy in your history. kenny ha won 28 alone.rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcand today is the chelseafc day goblues numberonegooner darrenarsenal1 all team need manager to make sure his player are not complacent.spirit tu rt ibdil que serum serum whatever will be will be we re off to wembeley que serum serum ynwa lfc would be great if that is true. bellamy will play left and downing right and they will switch flanks. lfcits prety much the expected team only strange to me that bellamy statring thought kuyt or maxi would. anyway great first 11for me lfcgotta think this is a match for maxi amp carroll to start. firepower lfc red ynwa facup rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl believe maxi should start a he doe well in the big game don t think downing should wear a lfc shirt again. will he prove me wrong looking great rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt newsliverpool fa cup final chelsea v liverpool live lfcrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl team today for lfc is reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl play shelvey ovum hendo rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl cont 125mins to ko at anfield south scousers are you reeaddy off to lfc_cptza i go.. facup lfc ynwa jft96rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl  lfc team not yet confirmed. i like it team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez liverpool please tweet more about liverpool fc let s do it together lfc ynwart beccajames6 empireofthekop reina johnson skrtel agger enrique downing spearing henderson gerrard bellamy suarez lfcrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl struggling to find energy to wallpaper. fa cup final should help me through it. cfc gotta take itrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseaanalysis fa cup final team news in under an hour. cfcsince when the facup becomes so important to the two english once-top club chelsea amp liverpool  thefadotcom finally mess up magic of facupfinal - wrong day wrong time wrong channel. lets hope team can save the blushes. numptiescertainly pulling for liverpool today that dirty chelsea and their just a dirty fan can rot facuprt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off walking around wembley.. red easily outnumbering blue at wembley stadium and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl nerves are gone for this match come on liverpool lfcwembleydo i really have to put up with dennis wise s face on my tv for over 2 hour cantstandhim lcfc facuprt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt sh4ywood facup today come on lfc ynwa mrbwellwell lfc of course xxrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl win yourself an iphone 4s - just like our fb page to enter wembley facupjohn barnes is one of the best bloke in football loyal and intelligent lfc.rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n .. facupfinal - chelsea vs. liverpool fc - plastic vs. passion cfcplasticfans ynwafrank lampard say he dream of securing a historic cup double with the blues this season starting with the fa cup on saturday. cfcrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off  lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez . confirmed2 hour of build up on shitetv what a joke bring on the scouser bashing cfcrt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl  duskyga darrenarsenal1 but wenger can do a lot before the game start - and in halftime.rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl chelsea tattoo cfc chelseafc  lfc starting xi - reins johnson skate anger enrique speaking henderson downing gerard bell amy juarez. facupfinal reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez. xi liverpool v chelsea lfcall check cfcwith henderson and spearing gerrard will go forward more often. just what we need lfcwe re gonna make this a blue day we re gonna make wembley a blue stadium cfcwembley cfcpics chelseafc  grummy_grummy a sozzled facup for you enjoyrt lukehirst the facup final should kick off at 3.00pm. it should be on the bbc. the build up should start at 9.00am. and it should b ..rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl it wa decided all team in fa cup amp champions league final will wear the same brand of jersey manufacturer facup eufa adidas cfc lfcrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt beckysauerbrunn arsenal tied let s see if skrtel and liverpool can do any better against chelsea. facupfinal joe_odwyer11 it s on boxnation mate. just 10 a month with no minimum term. facupfinal then mayweathercottort thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..on route to wembley come on the chelsh cfcmichael ngoo just come on for the last 10 minute and score a scissor kick past cech to make it 2-1 in added time. ynwa lfc5 5 2012 - the day luis suarez and john terry collide and take racism to a whole new level. facuprt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n .. lfc good luck tonight ynwa gullitr you think they will cmon don t be ruud to all of your loyal cfc fan they will win rt livvysgroup livvy with timlovejoy and simonrim in the lfc official box. tim is loving it haha despite ima chelsea fan i m pretty sure that chelsea will win tonight chelseafc ktbffh ruudyroon which part of the supporter will you be in cfc lfcrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl packed phoenix landing. lfc fb can t see past a chelsea win today. few scorecasts placed. have to have money on a drogba goal too facup gerardellison it s on boxnation mate. just 10 a month with no minimum term. facupfinal then mayweathercottoand the match ended with chelsea getting their 7th fa cup mabrook to the mighty blues cfcwembleyrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez..i ve got my lucky sock on lfc c mon you reds lfcrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl buzzing about the chelseafc game good luck to juanmata10 skalhuno torres and all the boy cfc blueisthecolourmy favourite day of the year fa cup final day come on chels chelseafc cfc cfcwembley at the green man lot of celery flying around. wow. dennis wise ha really gone to town with the spray tan today for the facupfinal could pas for geordieshore with that shade of orangego lfc go goneutrals demanding a good game. f off facupgutted that i m working til 8.. so i ll miss the fa cup final. come on you red lfcbellers in. carroll out. rumour facupshit shit shit. getting nervous now. facupfinal lfcrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl come on chelsea. facuprt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off brilliant rt totallymewoohoo bellamy must be on the starting line up lfci love the build up to the fa cup final. come on lfcwatching the build up to the final lfc  gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cup good boy ruid simonclacher tomwhitaker10 cfcthink that pretty much sum up john terry victory or popularity victory . and i couldn t agree with him more cfcbe a good day for downing to justify his wage - overdue tho it is lfcmy prediction gerrard pen lampard equaliser saurez nick it s 5 min from time. liverpool 2-1 chelsea lfc facupfinalrt lundbergerik put the champagne on ice we going to wembley twice lfcrt nadimrmeity the fa cup final suarez v terry the clash of the racists facupi hope to see clint_dempsey in lfc red this summer in baltimore ill be first to get his jersey a a red if it happens rt paulair rumoured - reina johnson skrtel agger enrique henderson spearing gerrard bellamy downing suarez. lfcthis is it rt gullitr i think that chelseafc will win the fa cupnervous a fuck today over the facup final today. but i have faith historic liverpool football club will be lifting the trophy ynwaday dreaming. rt gerdermo am so happy and i really dont noe why or maybe it bcoz chelsea is winning the facupfucking bricking it about today facupfinal comeonredmenrt henrywinter the road to wembley..to lfc fan heading to anfield south m40 closed junction 9-8. use m1 amp north circ you kno ..wow rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl  7yearsnotrophy darrenarsenal1 i agree. but very often professional footballer underestimate opponent that are not a good a them.had a bit if rum tonight but staying up to watch lfc take home the fa cup ynwa facup2012 lfcwhy doe wembley smell of fish rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt robincooke90 couldn t care le who win the facupfinal this afternoon. today is all about barnetfc and survival beearmy beeli ..liverpool liverpool liverpool -d facupfinalwembley today is going to be great.. red v blue.. the way it should be facupfinalless than 2 hr to go. now i m nervous cfcrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl i can t watch the final so i m relying on twitter. come on reds stevie g lift another one liverpool facuprt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt _larrygibson kenny dalglish ha never lost to chelsea a a manager. p13 w10 d3. facupfinal facup red underdogs. can we do it again where you watching domisatwitrt moathalfadly ready for the final blue cfc cfcpics chelseafc ktbffh can t wait for this match cfc lfc facupfinalrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley  mjmartin76 dennis wise what a legend cfc totally agree come on chelsea rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl  chelseafc of coz lfc team to face cfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard bellamy downing suarez henrywinteritv win award for most contemptible facup final coverage ever. adrian chiles and dennis wise on my tv at the same time. brokenbritain batchamufc sajlala007 it s on boxnation mate. 10 a month with no minimum term. facupfinal then mayweathercottort chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl  lfc starting xi v chelsea reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez ynwathat craig burley is a proper little wanker greycloud lfc liverpool cfcup the chels ktbffh cfc  dg_cs priest_17 no today is cfc day now__football can the ref win facuptoday of all day twitter to suggest following chelseafc.. forshame comeonyoureds can t believe i m going to miss the facupfinal -_- damn work  lfc starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique henderson spearing gerrard bellamy suarez downing. comeonredssuper upset i can t watch the facupfinal i ll be working but i ll always support my blue ktbffh cfcrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl carroll 4 hendo rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger cont  johnbishop100 come on the red massive performance needed enjoy the day you lucky guy facupfinalrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cup mark_naidoo007 rabinharduth amg133 lenz_gavin check how hawt our supporter are theresa0069 lfc ynwart chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl want liverpool to win just for charlie adam. facuprt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl on paper chelsea. on grass it s 11against11 and anythingcanhappen facupfinallool rt dimmy_h ur pillow are red rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl  chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl fuckersrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt lukehirst the facup final should kick off at 3.00pm. it should be on the bbc. the build up should start at 9.00am. and it should b ..rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..chelsea have scored a total of 18 fa cup goal this season. top scorer 4 - mata 3 - ramires 2 - lampard meireles and torres. cfcrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl  dannylatimerds concert square look amazing loads of liverpool flag amp poster etc ynwa lfchope andy townsend get lost between the studio amp commentary box facupfinali don t think i can bear two hour of pre-match buildup with adrian chiles and andy townsend. facupfinalstewie downing on espn. would love him back at the boro facupfinaldelighted with the line-up. can t wait for the big game lfc ynwagreat to see robbie9fowler on the build up wish he wa playing lfc facupfinal godrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl perfect scenario lfc 0 - 4 cfc torres 3 carragher og gerrard missed pen. terry sent off for head butting luis suarez. facupfinalyou support liverpool for fa cup me too. d rt pearlghada cant wait and super excited to fa cup final lfcand behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl how the fuck is carroll not starting lfcexcited for the facupfinal and i m not even at wembley comeonyoureds ynwa lfcnice to see roy keane and southgate aint in the studio facuplooking like an afternoon of advert itv facup fuckupif the team thats been rumoured is tha actual team then i m more than happy. would rather have shelvey over spearing but oh well. lfcpray for chris john and chelseafcgudluck 2 lorenzoadu jhi_day oluomooflasgidi iamfessbouc piriyeg heidycfc tytbonesceo chelsea_pal chelseafc fissy7 fa cup is oursrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off i wanna see a lfc win against chelsea todayrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..liverpool 2 chelsea 1 gerrard suarez and drogba. could go to extra time cupfinalpredictions lfc cfcrt thechelseaway john terry is set to make his 50th fa cup appearance. legend. cfcrt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cupfukin shit the fa cup bin at 5.15 iv been up since half 8 twitchin liverpool 3-2 ynwa lfc lfc come on redmenn  chelseafc my money is on chelsea then again it always is d xgo blue facupfinalam so anxious for the cup to come to bridge ktbffh cfc cfc lfcnot going to predict the facupfinal could go anyway too hard to calli don t want to see carroll henderson shelvey anywhere near the field. please dear odin god of thunder ynwa facupfinal lfcrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cupwhat u think facupfinal will be johnoster pasima1 s_gilly18 woodsy33 waynerooney billysharp10 aslrowanvine jackwilsherert chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..those of you watching in black and white liverpool are in red chelsea are in blue haha classic commentary lfc.remember if suarez score anytime paddypower will refund the usual markets. get a free 50 matched bet here cfc lfcsure rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cuprt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl pls mikel dedicate our win today to rashidi yekini cfc 7yearsnotrophy darrenarsenal1 that is why the manager always need to make sure that it doesn t happen. for u it happens too oftenrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..wtf itv not only got muppet chiles on but 2 ex chelsea player amp 1 god ex lfc robbie fowler. out numbered from ko. ynwa lfc jft96rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl  lfc good luck today don t like bellamy starting. like him off the bench. carroll should start. his goal is the reason we re here. i like rest of xi lfc ynwart ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off  lfc no le than this now just about all make sense bored rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl chelsea v liverpool. me chelsea cfcnow time for the facup final - 3-1 chelsea i reckon  antanddec will be a great saturday if the result go our way lfc mazinsalah13 haa .. any expectation about today match lfc lfcarcome on you red facupfinal davidg1971 just 10 a month with no minimum term. facupfinal then mayweathercottort thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl  lfc xi v chelsea reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez. via duncanjenkinsfc  cfcwembley countdown to fa cup final. the road to wembley is getting nearer. wish ma bois chelseafc all the best. go blues..i think that chelsea will win the fa cup cfclook awesome. rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off  gbarlowofficial my 9 yr old is in his liverpool kit including lfc boxer - are you wearing any red today gary x xpre match meal - nandos_official then on to chelsea s second home cfcwembley rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. facup final today baby the return of boii elnino will be completedso the lfc team ha leaked.. swhich to wear which to wear chelseafc cfcwembley facupfinal nice turkish meal then watching the match lfc ynwayou all cant imagine how heavily my heart is beatin so nervous cuz of facupfinal got no interest whatsoever chelsea liverpool facupfinal chelsea will win facupfinalrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl pray asian people for chelseafc tonight.. go chelskyrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl liverpool s lineup v chelsea facupfinal via newsliverpool i work with scouser we can t lose this game cfcwalk on walk on with hope in your heart. and you ll never walk alone youu ll neeveer waallk aloone ynwa lfc for fa cup tonight m i can t believe some evertonians are supporting chavski oh wait there i just heard that .. lfc ynwart chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl pretty happy with the rumoured lfc line up for the final. come on red men got a feeling that liverpool will nick it facupitv showing the white suit from 1996 again lfcteam news anyone lfcnaa eatin 4 victory benueboyy eat n face defeat..offcourse u shud eat bey hungry mehn gtta eat b4 our mtch.. cfc all d way baybie where in bowmanville ha the facup game on rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..stupidly nervous lfcwhat time doe the match start facupfinal rt bobthered1 snaptheflag please lfc fan wembley do not indulge with fa s whims. we have our own.spread the word. leave plastic f ..feeling very nervy ahead of the game now. the beer aren t helping.. lfc chelseafc for fa cup aloutte chelsea aloutte  facup final lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez -- interesting bellamy rt lfcboston packed phoenix landing. lfc fb rt prasadpranav lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez . confirmedcmon chelsea cmon chelsea big day boy facupfinalwork went quick today and it weren t actually too bad at home about to watch facupfinal now think it a joke it s not on 3 to be honestrt stamfordsally15 i chelsea fc. let s paint wembley blue and get our first trophy of the season ktbffh cfcwembleyrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl  chelseafc 2-1 chelsea. drogba to score first bewareofthedrogwoo big game today lfc - i m nervouspre-match ritual underway. come on lfc chelseafc just on way home from ibrox after rangers game. buzzing for the final. come on the mighty blues carefree ktbffhrt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezabsolutely rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cuprt chelseafc rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off i m hoping digger thump craig burley. he s such a humourless bitter scottish tw t. he wa a crap player a well lfcrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl love watching all the fa cup final build up facup lfc cfcrt mrjakehumphrey shh..surely no-one will notice if i borrow it for my mantelpiece will they.. facupfinal waiting for chelseafc to get the silverware this season before going on tour round stamford bridge with waardilladrian chiles u really are shockin lucky for u he ha god in the studio today robbiefowler lfcrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl  connor_john95 i m confident we will win are you cfci take back my tweet.. mkps001 sbu_fundraiser noo lfc  chelseafc atleast 3-1 not badrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl we dare to walk alone rt _dannos lfc starting xi v chelsea reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard dowbacking liverpool lfc for this morning s game rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl work finished home time. start the build up to the game c mon you reds .. when you walk.. facupfinal lfc ynwart chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl will be mostly supporting thereds liverpool today in the facupjust about sun up those fans. tamartotty really classy chelsea really classy. facupfinal lfc cfc rt chelseafc it s facupfinal day and is there a better feeling than another cfcwembley day feeling confident blues fan sl rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n .. chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl i wa hereryan babel sent off for hoffenheim obviously want to get home in time for the game. lfc chelseafc it s obvious chelsea will win tonightrt lfcboston packed phoenix landing. lfc fb rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigredsdennis wise robbie fowler and andy townsend. itv have managed to round up the three most unlikable character possible. facuprt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl the itv fa cup build up is shockingly bad. facupchelsea s gonna win sincerely united fan. rt zoo_foo liverpool v chelsea fa cup final cfc lfcrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt conallmcd never thought i d say this. just for today you ll never walk alone facupfinalenroute to wembley rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl  chelseafc i hope for a win against liverpool today come on you blue wow they really aren t gonna let that spice boys thing go huh oh the shame facupfinalrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl big game in a couple hours. come on lfc let finish the season on a high ynwa facupfinalrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl come on chelsea commit murder literally on the wembley pitch today..start with.. mm f ck start with anyone.. cfc lfcit s facupfinal day and is there a better feeling than another cfcwembley day feeling confident blues fan rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl i think that chelsea wiill win the fa cup ets go chelseafc cfcwembley come on chelseafcrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..watchin the liverpool v chelsea build up an the picture went a bit fuzzy. i tapped the side of the tv an drogba fell over. lfc rt kieronwilcox nothing like gettin pure abuse banter from your scouse relative on match day c mon chelsea cfc andrews_steven what score then facupfinalrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt jaystarmusician aj_poju medz_hustla jaystarmusician chelsea s got this facup i want them to win. o for the 1st timewalk on walk on with hope in your heart and you ll never walk alone ynwa wembleyrt chelseafanscol los ultimos 5 campeones de fa cup han sido blue chelsea x3 portsmouth man city cfcwembley.rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl chelshit fucker club cfc rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n .. cosign toluwaniyin 2-1 in favor of liverpool grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc lt lt lt lt lt lt lt lt predict rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl 28-if lfc win the fa cup today it would be dalgish s 28th cup with them thats more than the cup cfc have won in their history 22 we might a well have our own changing room at wembley we ve been there so many time cfc fayhughes77 tamartotty they taking the right piss now not happy with them at all. pony club cfclooking forward to the facupfinal this arvo cheering for liverpool because i hate chelsea rt _ashling7 my favourite day of the year fa cup final day come on chels chelseafc cfcand so it begin lfc forever my team for the game reina johnson skrtel carragher agger spearing gerrard downing bellamy carroll suarez. lfc1-3 grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc lt lt lt lt lt lt lt lt predict  officialsf1team wishing all the best to chelseafc in the facupfinal wembley let s get the trophy come on chelsea  lfc lfcwembley come on faythegunner mimses jamzz2012i can see already terry and his team cheering with the trophy chelseafc cfcleeds to watch the fa cup final then off out.. come on chelsea cfc dirtyscousebastardsrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl i don t have a religion but that doesn t stop me from praying for chelsea today come on you blue cfcrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt cfcstuff chelsea have won all 6 fa cup match played at the new wembley stadium. cfcrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..reminder of today s bluesquiz - guess total goal minutes in the facup final e.g 24 77 amp 83 would equal 184. 10 to closest et not inc itv just showed the infamous white suit fa cup spice boy team lfc we will never live that down. theshamert amielcfc do i really have to put up with dennis wise s face on my tv for over 2 hour cantstandhim lcfc facuprt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl good luck dirk_18_kuyt for facupfinal lfc ynwart chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cuprt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl  gullitr thanks ruud so do i cfci am going with a chelsea win v liverpool today 2-1 facup predictions jess_impiazzi arsenal aww sorry jess but don t worry you can return the compliment later after fa cup final if we lose cfc banter xx chelseafc i bet this is the only fa cup chelsea shirt of this sort cfcwembley rt buddy_14 cfc were silent for 50 year would 1 more minute have been too much to ask scum nialler82 jimharty lfcmcgrath ..though i have hope that that lineup might finally be kenny realising my gerrard on the right a la rooney on the left from 08 lfc now__football don t want liverpool to win the fa cup but rather them than cfcrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..chelsea is gonna win definitely cfccab driver said barca had an off day. fuck off. we beat them twice and the second time wa with ten men cfc chelseafc counting down the hours..the blue flag will be flying a we will be holding the facup cfc cmon chelsrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl if there are no 3pm premier league match then what is the need for the facupfinal to kick off at 17 30 rubbish. joe_stokees got a feeling that liverpool will nick it facup fuck off easy win for chelsea  cfcwembley le than two hour for the facupfinal le than four hour for be the facupchampions blue go go go for chelsea fc in fa cup final versus liverpool fc at wembley stadium.. cfcwembleyrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl watching fa cup final come on chelsea coyb cfc bluesi hope a great game lfc v chelseafc in fa cup. good luck from spain rt newsliverpool liverpool s lineup v chelsea facupfinal lfcrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl  chelseafc i wa born to support you good luck -from malaysia-rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl  simonrim timlovejoy have lfc got a nice new kit to present tim with later ready for sundaybrunch tomorrow - buzzing for the facup final. hate that it is at 5.15. but at least the fan of league 1 and 2 club can watch it that way. come on lfccome on you fucking blues bring home the f.a cup lt 3 cfc cfc facupfinal blue is the colour -8- chelseafc england will be blue today  azem1591 darrenarsenal1 true. not just wenger s fault of course. player let him and u fan down a lot toort thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt chelseafc didier drogba will be on the graham norton show on bbc1 tonight at 10.35pm.. cfc sl hope chelsea smash liverpool today it will give u the perfect boost to win the ucl go chelsea utc ktbffh facuprt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cuprt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl  lfc come on you redomg can t wait any longer. facupfinals cfc coyb. makeusproud. gullitr i don t lfcgood luck to all the boy lfc today in the cup final praying they win today buzzinggrt scott_jtaylor_ chelseafc please win if you do i get 20 quid rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..comon the pool let s get into these chelsea rent boy ynwa facup the blue will win fa chelseafc chelseaindort newsliverpool liverpool s lineup v chelsea facupfinal lfcready at home with the famo shirts flag wig the lot come on the chels facupfinal beatthescum rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezcome on chelseafcrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl  alizabeth just think - in july you ll at least be able to not have to shed a tear - you ll be happy either way lfc tfcrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl  lfc petesnodden apprenticegavin can we do it today lad dontstopbelievin rt danwalkerbbc kenny dalglish ha never lost to chelsea a a manager - 13 game in total lfc cfc facupfinal statfinally got my iphone back online . time to watch the facup tonight. go chelsea less than 2 hr to go. now i m nervous cfcrt saikat_chatt lfc team today reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez. lfcthe trouble with itv coverage of facup is too many adverts. should have been on the bbc cfcwembley with the official merchandise coyb cfc this is one of the two final so let prove them wrong..we can win it cfc fa cup finalrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl haha rt davescott73 lfc banner on the way to wembley. rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl torn today. don t want chelsea to win but want to see liverpool get battered. do i just not bother watching facuprt conallmcd never thought i d say this. just for today you ll never walk alone facupfinal thingsbetterthensex seeing suarez score a hat-trick lfc noliert chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl fukin gettin pissed off bored n nervous all in 1 ynwa lfccannot wait for this match to begin toll on quarter past 5 lfcsince when is the facupfinal on at 17.15. has it not traditionally been 3 ko. does anyone know why. itsupsettingmert chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cupanfield invade wembley maxi rodriguez to score for fun later. lfckeep the red flag flying high lfc p rt niesalovalova keep the blue flag flying high cfc chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt razrmyth here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley bet penalty shoot out. cfc lfc sleekid where u at it almost time for the facupfinalrt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cupcome on the chelss fa cup final cfcrt helsbells2306 adrian chiles u really are shockin lucky for u he ha god in the studio today robbiefowler lfcrt chelseaunite rt gullitr good morning everyone. on my way to london for the facupfinal. come on you bluert thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcseriously. staying up to watch it rt melaniecmusic soo jealous of everyone heading down to wembley today comeonliverpool facupfinalrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cupcmon you blue chelseafc cfc. facupfinal dalesteyn62 sony pix mate lfc to do the double kick off 9 45. preview 8 45. your supporting scott taylor scott_jtaylor_ chelseafc please win if you do i get 20 quid chelsea all the way rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt newsliverpool fa cup final chelsea v liverpool live lfchome today with nin_slave to watch final. supposed to be studying for my last exam monday. if i pas i graduate. lfcrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt menofshankly to cfc you have won 22 trophy in your history. kenny ha won 28 alone.malam ni no need to kutuk2 just wanna watch the game . winning is not an option it a must cfcrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezweather is slowly getting normal now not raining anymore .. perfect for the kick off facupfinalrt lfcgossip breaking news confirmed liverpool line-up v chelsea fa cup final lfcstats.co.. lfc faiscorruptrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl and now for chelsea v liverpool. facuphope the rumour are true that spearing will start expect a quality performance from him gonna say 2-0 suarez and bellamy lfc ynwa iamaustinhealey and dennis wise separated at birth sameshapehead facupfinalrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl sporting chelseafc under the work clothes good luck boy cfcwembley rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl so the 2 hour facup build on itv will mainly be advert wish it wa on the bbc lfc someone need to get a grid of ramiresc mon you red men facupfinal lfcrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl me nerve lfcrt chelseafc rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt danwalkerbbc kenny dalglish ha never lost to chelsea a a manager - 13 game in total lfc cfc facupfinal statrt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezon the way to meet the gang to watch chelseafc and liverpool fa cup final at delaneys exciited - where all the hk cfc fan watching chelsea v liverpool d chelseaforthewin cfc chelseafc rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl i hope so rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cupthere really is something about facupfinal day. losing it magic not for the chelsgood luck chelseafc..not that we need it come on you blues and now with that done it s time to go get my lucky lfc top for today s activity i ll watch the rugby on my laptop at the same time drt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl mighty reds for the win. ynwa lfcthe intense traffic outside my window can only mean one thing facupfinalrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl good luck theblues and do the best rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit cont  hmm liverpiss nko grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc lt lt lt lt lt lt lt lt predict i am sure chelsea gonna rock today facupfinalwembley pitch look perfect cfc come on the bluewhy am i up so early prob excited for the day ahead facupfinal at 9am - come on chelsea then the finale of sxonspeed live from vegas an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl  alexdolldoyle ..alex.doyle25 3-3 today 66 1 chelsea on pen facuprt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n .. chelseafc go an win today drt chelseafc seems to be drying out in nw london. fingers crossed cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chloedark10 routing for team chelsea tomorrow milliefarrow jodiebrett7 cfc chelseafc the boy from spain love the rain. supertorres facupfinal keep up the good form.come on you blues chelseafc cupfinalbring home the next piece of hardware lfcwembleyrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..only just mind. 2-1 to lfc with cfc to score first is my top betting tip. though if you re taking tip from me then you must be desperate.rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl make u guy spoil derr today oo.rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy cont rt chelseafanscol we re gonna make this a blue day we re gonna make wembley a blue stadium cfcwembley cfcpics chelseafc ..mid-tablers v europa league hopeful facupfinalrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl  here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl  chelseafc let s go boy waitin in anticipation here in south africa with all the support you need let s do it blues cfc facupfinalsettlin down 2watch facup final the game that gave me my love of sport amp saw me end up on mastermind hope there red ribbon on it 2day jackmertonswag ye mon lfc ftwrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..best of luck to chelsea and mdduncan41090 today but liverpool are gonna take it facuplet s get this straight before the game. unless you are a fan of lfc or cfc then you don t really need to support either side. facuprt leeannmcdonald7 cfc fan boo the minute s silence in remembrance of hillsborough.. we have to hammer them today.. lfcrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..come on chelseeaa ktbffh cfctorres to score first i think facupfinalrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl the cup final doesn t start till 17.15 bollocks to watching two hour of bullshit on itv till then facuprt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt el8rumi we dare to walk alone rt _dannos lfc starting xi v chelsea reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hender ..rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl  joshvenes nandos with the old man before watching the chels cfc comeonyoublues good effort watching the cup final. football s a lot more like snooker than i remember from my youth. facup chelseafc for fa cup aloutte chelsea aloutte facupfinalrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off would have liked to see shelvey in for spearing and maxi in for downing but apart from that it s a strong team lfcwaiting for facupfinal. finalday c mon lfc let s pull out a special performance at wembley. ynwaanyone want to watch the facupfinal with me larryreet. off to the melting pot for several beers. come on liverpool. lfc ynwacome on chelsea cfcrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..cmon liverpool facup lfc cfcrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt chelseafc send u your pic of the day using cfcwembley and we ll rt our faves a always. facupfinal sl prediction chelsea 1 - liverpool 2 facupfinalrt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafc lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt adidasuk lfc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the chelsea fan l ..well it facup saturday. whats your full time prediction cinco de mayo and fa cup final. i d rather get drunk on victory than coronas but i m hoping to do both. lfc facupfinalwatch the fa cup final or go to the marijuana march firstworldproblems lfcrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl  chelseafc they should just keep our badge on the door regularvisitorsrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n .. mathewlondon i m on the train to wembley park the coach im in full of chelseafc fan 2 lfc fan get on every cfc fan start singing lollet s go blues cfc facupfinalwish i could stay up to watch the fa cup final but i have an early start tomorrow morning. good luck lfc facupfinal ynwart chelseastats cfc have only lost one of their last 33 fa cup match excluding penalty cont unlike sir alex i m personally very grateful for a late kick off a i m at work till 5.00pm then it s round to gavpeacock and stella cfc18 00 puls4 fa cup finale. chelsea - liverpool. facup grohl_ brettsoulman thatwallace craig_stack lifeissavage huge game boys. huge. cfc facupfinalrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt liverpoolyouths lfc xi v chelsea reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez. ..downing-gerrard-bellamy-suarez all starting bring it on lfcrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl love pre-game hype for big games..really get you excited for kick-off lfc facupfinalcome on you mighty reds let beat the crap out of chelsea. facup lfc liverpoolrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl reds lfc nerves starting to get to me. better have a stella cidre in an attempt to calm them lfc ynwa facupfinalcome on liverpool we can do this facuprt auzair_lfc this day is dragging big time 3 hour till kick off facupfinal lfc anfieldsouthrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl i want chelseafc to win the fa cup final  and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl drogba go down more than john terrys ma. haha lfcrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off  remycee darrenarsenal1 lol. what good is the cl-final doing to arsenal in may of 2012  chelseafc i remeber buying this when i went to london cfcwembley a behind the scene peek at how our graffiti-style fa cup final montage wa put together cfc lfcawkward moment coming up a terry amp suarez are made to wear the kickracismoutoffootball shirt before ko. facupfinal thechelseaway chelsea have won 5 of their last 6 fa cup final keeping a cleen sheet in 4 of these victories. cfc fifa_final and the result from this year s neutral fa cup who to cheer for coin toss is..tails - liverpool. coyreds. facup fifa_final no carroll in the starting line up after his recent performance lfc fifa_final yea buddy chelseafc chelsea cfc facup football facepaint fifa_final steven gerrard ha played more game against chelsea 32 than any other team but scored only once. overdue. lfc fifa_final rt edwhite2507 buzzing for the facup final. hate that it is at 5.15. but at least the fan of league 1 and 2 club can watch it that .. fifa_final rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl fifa_final rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. fifa_final rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. fifa_final djahern lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..can t wait for lfc back to back final game in wembley.. let s do the double lads.. ynwart chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl  empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez yeah so i m in israel getting ready to go watch the game in a bar on the beach toughtimes lfcretweet if you want chelsea to win the fa cup final cfcrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..oh yea facupfinal happens today. hope torres can get a few in against his former squad cfcrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off strong team. bosingwa or ivanovic will get torn apart by bellamy. lfcthose white suits..why haha spiceboys facupfinal rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl fa cup final let get it chelsea cfcrt matthewsbunch don t like bellamy starting. like him off the bench. carroll should start. his goal is the reason we re here. i like ..rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl  in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt bennebtaylor dennis wise on the panel .. what a legend cfc facupfinalboth club in today s facupfinal liverpool and chelsea are in our best football club on earth list. vote here rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl liverpool team vs chelsea reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez . lfc cfci have arrived c mon cfc rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl  cfc how do you fix this specific boredom rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off arrgh match day nerve have kicked in and i m on the sofa c mon you red men make u proud today. ynwa lfc cfcscumfansrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl our view today at our seat at wembley lfc supposed liverpool team look decent. happy with that lfccome on chelsea you can do it chelseafcrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl  wheble. always vote red never blue facupfinalreported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez not confirmed yet .rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezchelsea 2-1 rt fifagamernet so who s going to win the fa cup today let u know facup lfc cfc fifa12 chelseafc double winner again facup uclrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt umbro to win signed andy carroll speciali boot just rt this message before the end of today s facup rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..wah to watch in 1 hour chelseafc mi seh v liverpool fafinalrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt autisable rt theonlyjustine rt 2212leigh i am wearing blue today 1 to support my team chelseafc and 2 to raise awarene.. ..rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl really don t fill like facup final day shamert chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl work done time for a quick fifa sesh before the facup final. gooddayrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl today i ll be backing chelsea despite being and arsenal supporter. london through and through facup mmaandlfc i will mate i just hope the boy do the job against those plastic chelsea sum lfc ynwart kenpootcfc didier drogba is the king of the new wembley with 7 goal in 7 appearance with 3 in the final chelseafc ktbffh cfc utcrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl cant wait to watch the game with mitchsmith0 today blueisthecolour inyourliverpoolslums cfcchelsea uptheblues cfc come onn cfcwembley were ready go blues go enjoy the facupfinal we ll be lying in our dog bed for this one come on chelsea  lemmonting you best be watching the chelsea game today now cfc chelseafci honestly think we ll win today lfc ynwart adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool .. chelseafc c mon chelsea believe you can be double champion take the first one and do the rest cfcrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt newsliverpool liverpool s lineup v chelsea facupfinal lfc lfc starting xi v chelsea in fa cup final reina. johnson skrtel agger enrique. bellamy henderson gerrard downing. suarez carroll.rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cup an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl  thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez tbc .  chelseafc can winrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl silly fucking excited now can t hold it in come one red men lfc ynwart chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cuprt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezshane carroll isn t starting but we need a 3 man midfield against chelsea and you cannot play suarez wide in a game like this lfcrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cup chelseafc jj moon for a pre match beer. faj007 lorenzoadu oluomooflasgidi iamfessbouc piriyeg heidycfc tytbonesceo chelsea_pal chelseafc fissy7 sure victory rt cfcstuff chelsea have scored a total of 18 fa cup goal this season. top scorer 4 - mata 3 - ramires 2 - lampard meireles and ..rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off i dont think chelseafc will win the fa cup i know they will win joescouse_lfc thats how we do it plastic fans. huh passion vs. plastic. lfc doubleonthewaywere are in the facup final and ucl final and wer did u guy reach rt jermpopito what did u win cont fa cup final chelsea v liverpool live telegraph lfcall of lfc s fa cup game this season have been at anfield or anfield south.cmon chelsea 5 15 chelsea facupfinal cfcwembley ktbffh mattlawexpress if i didn t follow you i d convince myself villa were going through a bad patch and would turn it on tomorrow. sadly not..rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt liverpoolyouths lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hend. down. gerrard bellamy suarez. via duncanjenkinsfc rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl itv s team of bellends have the legend that is robbie9fowler on with them just wish he wa playing god hallelujah lfc ynwa durancollett my man are u kiddin me my blood is red to the bone. red for a reason. ynwa facuprt itvfootball at around 4.15pm today in our live facupfinal show today - adrian chiles interview miracle man fabrice muamba bwila lol am with you all the way go lfcrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl go chelsea go chelsea go chelseafc bluesquiz total goal minute in the facup final is 86 facupfinal my money s on chelsea to take this year competition. any bet on my way to wembley. come on you blue cfc.good afternoon. are you chelsea fan ready just a few more hour before our first final of the season commences cfc ktbffh itv and espn pundit amp coverage.. appalling bbc5live it is then facupfinal lfc xi v chelsea reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez. via duncanjenkinsfc  chelseafc i have a question for torres torres will you get nervous playing liverpool the team you used to play with.. rt henriksen1 somebody ha taken a picture of these sticker which some cfc fan have placed around wembley. scumbags the lot. .. j_selly lali_dimples lfc fan and i chelseafc fan on our way to wembley.. cfc comeonyoublues can t wait for the cup final cum on lfc ynwareally considering the calming effect of alcoholic drink already how many lfc fan will be pissed by half time rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard bellamy suarez downing- confirmed lfc team.rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl i have a feeling it going to be a very excited game facupfinal lfc cfc awate91 never mind still yet to see in what capacity he exists. next up facup letsbeavinitrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl ujan nih gt gt gt yang penting listrik stay on.. and hopely lfc can get the fa cup title..rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt itvfootball at around 4.15pm today in our live facupfinal show today - adrian chiles interview miracle man fabrice muambawatching the facupfinal built up on espn can say i want either to win however i believe chelsea we want this more time will tellrt melaniecmusic soo jealous of everyone heading down to wembley today comeonliverpool facupfinalrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt chelseafc it s facupfinal day and is there a better feeling than another cfcwembley day feeling confident blues fan sl david luiz fit facupfinal cfcrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl  lfc team for facup v cfc reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson bellamy gerrard downing suarez. game on macintyre94poppy s ready. are you lfc o got my shirt and scarf on c mon lfc facupfinalrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl  lfc wemberlee rt faj007 gudluck 2 lorenzoadu jhi_day oluomooflasgidi iamfessbouc piriyeg heidycfc tytbonesceo chelsea_pal chelseafc fissy7 ..rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl  chelseafc don t deserve to win today simply because they wouldn t shut up at the semi-final minute silence prickrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt mrjakehumphrey shh..surely no-one will notice if i borrow it for my mantelpiece will they.. facupfinal rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing  jstgriff football on itv is a joke.. as much charisma a a bag of pasty adrianchilesisworsethanaids facupfinal itvunconfirmed starter dudek finnan carra agger warnock gerrard spearing dalglish highway suarez fowler. lfc lfcaalborgfractionback from paintingballing had a great day what a laugh it wa gonna chill now amp watch the facupfinalrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..torres rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl it wa always a choice between carroll and bellamy terry and ivanovich hate playing against pace so it had to be bellers lfcsepatu nya torres kliatan rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl blue nail for the chelsea boy cfcwembley facupfinal rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl should now be enjoying the facup stupid money-grabbing football and fa. don t often agree with saf but on this i do putitbacknextyearrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl blue everything teamcfc rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt topgolfuk who s coming down to watch the facupfinal with u great food a couple of beer some footie and a game or two of topg ..rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl nonbar foodfest lfc vs cfc final fa ynwart chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt rosiecfc victory or popularity jt victory. legend. cfcrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl well played norwich now for the big game come on liverpool lfc chelseafc i thing chelsea will be win facalmdwn nw rt johnwaves chelsea99-1liverpool rt grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc lt lt lt lt lt lt lt lt predictrt mervin005 cnt wait for kick-off facupfinal andy caroll scoring the winning goal and torres gettin the runner up medal..hhahah 2 ..rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl liverpool v chelsea later. facupfinalrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl  darrenarsenal1 you are so negative. dry up.fa cup final day ha so much buzz about it.. c mon the red lfc2 hour of pre match on itv1 for the facupfinal not for me they struggle with 15 minute championsleague awfulcoverageso keep the blue flag flying high cfcrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl congratulations chelseafc. for clasifications for final uefa champions leagueif lfc win the fa cup today it would be dalglish s 28th major honour at the club. cfc have won 22 trophy in their history.rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl t-1hr 45 min my nerve starting to kick in lfc facupfinalrt luckynuresa good luck theblues and do the best rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit cont http ..itv pull out footage of the white suit within 10 min of beginning fa cup coverage not mentioned since..carling cup coverage yawn lfcrt bandel_adeshina cosign toluwaniyin 2-1 in favor of liverpool grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc lt lt lt ..fa cup at the braveheart your welcome to join lfc facup2012rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl the team is reported by duncan jenkins who always report correct ynwa facup finalrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl sonny 4 asked me mummy do you like the baddie or the red team brilliant lfc facupcarroll not starting hurt me. but really good to see skrtel-agger starting. lfcrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt mzolex reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard bellamy suarez downing- confirmed lfc team.c mon chelsea get ur 7 fa cup today cfcwembleyrt chelseayouth rt liverpoolyouths lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hend. down. gerrard bellamy suarez. ..rt espntvuk it take the goodyear blimp about 40 minute with a tailwind to get from the base in upminister to wembley facupfinalrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl still on the coldlist archbishop in the lucky last to keep me in the game betting roll on the facuprobert di matteo is going to have the toughest decision choosing the perfect line up for tonight inrdmwetrust cfcrt callumkennedy_ where off the cup final and our little carl bradley is at creamfields in oz good day for the lid all round lfc ..far too tense about the game. come on lfc deserve something for this cup run ynwawhere my lfc supporter at score prediction no carragher or carroll for liverpool.thank you kenny lfcrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt chelseayouth rt liverpoolyouths lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hend. down. gerrard bellamy suarez. ..big weekend of sport facup titlerace definitely gonna be on the beer cfc all da way. 3-1 grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc lt lt lt lt lt lt lt lt predict lemmi just chill and wait for the fa cup final cfcwembleybellamy will cause problem should have started dirk downing is fuking useless. lfcc h e l s e a facupfinalrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cup lfc come on liverlpool let s do it again rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..yes rt reignofdalglish reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard bellamy suarez downing- confirmed lfc team. rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off  empireofthekop if we win 2 cup and finish 8th in the league will it be classed a a successful season lfc lfc liverpoolfc _shaws if he is on the bench his chance will still come. this team is more mobile with bellamy and suarez. lfc ynwart chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl just left adam park and waspsrugby are winning keep it up boy on my way to wembley now round2 lfc facupfinalrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl cheers leejonesyboi nate122 facupfinal rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again come on liverpool facupfinal rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl  ktbffh cfc wembley is london london is chelsea shoulda left out hendo swap with carroll but dont worry inkennywetrust kennysredarmy lfc lfclivert thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt ppoffers sst.listen liverpool to lift the fa cup 3 1 pricegasm lfca quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..martin skrtel is so hard he asked for a big mac in burger king and got one ynwa lfc facupfinal one hour till the fa cup final cfc cupglory fucktheredschelsea fighting rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl just bought ticket to see lfc play in toronto d d d chelseafc we dont think we know and believe fully.nervous excited on my way to getting shitfaced drunk. atmosphere at gf is awesome. facupfinalrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl home win for lfc today..rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n .. blindpete66 jinxmouth i would play along with ur silly game pete but i have a cup final to worry about lfca wet wembley way.. lfc rt nadimrmeity the fa cup final suarez v terry the clash of the racists facuprt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl time to get ready. the pub beckons facupfinal chelseart chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cuprt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt cirdaveian chelseafc in the green man ready for what could be cfcwembley rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl spicy ogunfe soup with nice ila served with eba while i wait to watch the blues teach the reds how to play football facup2012 cfcrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl wishes the best for u torres go blues chelseafc i m the culess rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt kingnigel rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard down ..rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl  john_w_henry lfc thank you mr henry for giving liverpool the finance to reach 2 cup final from all liverpool fan ladsletswinthis ynwaliverpool today facup chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfc wembley facupfinal sl omgg. jizz soccerislifebig day for my chelsea f.a. cup final let s go blues cfcrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl looking forward to getting one over the bin dipper this after noon cfcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt thurman_ms liverpool go get them red delvano lfc you ll never walk alonee liverpool vamos a ganar la final facup in wembley stadium chelseart thechelseaway john terry is set to make his 50th fa cup appearance. legend. cfcrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl let s encourage torres because he ha a goal to score today cfc facup finalsrt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafc muzza_afc you are a true afc child only spoken truth chelsea afc facupfinalcnt believe people are complaining about the starting 11 get behind the lad that are starting and support the lad on the bench lfcrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl really cool wish i wa there now rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off 2 hour of facupfinal build up think i ll come back to that later. snooker it is for the time being. alicebone nice 1 chelsea cfcits just not right the facup final should kick off at 3pm what next moving it to a wednesday night. edem_dogbey1 j_selly lali_dimples lfc fan and i chelseafc fan on our way to wembley.. cfc comeonyoublues rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  liverpoolyouths as our backer lfc go for their dream today we go for ours plse sign petition for debfibs are key rtrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl why is ko so late facuprt mrjakehumphrey shh..surely no-one will notice if i borrow it for my mantelpiece will they.. facupfinal this is shit should be 30 minute into the game now fasuck lfc ynwa jft96team lfc reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez chelseafc how did that sign get there then loladrian chiles say it feel like a proper cup final. except it kick off at 5 15 amp the season hasn t finished and it s on itv muppet facupliverpool win get them into europa johncrossmirrorrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl just cleared out my sporting bet account on chelsea winning this afternoon .. 50p to win get me 1.18 facup bbcfootballhope we get at them from the ko attack attack attack cfcrt charh94 chelseafc my money is on chelsea then again it always is d xfriends beer amp facup final what else chelsea liverpool cfc lfc wembleystadiumrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl leaving for wembley not sure how this will turn out cfcwembleyreina johnson skrtel agger enrique henderson gerrard spearing bellamy downing suarez lfc neil_agate dalglish ha a hit and run mentality mark my word you ve had the hit..the run is now coming. times about to get tough for lfcrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl chelsea how many cup do you have go lfc suarez cc svarela_the romance of the fa cup come to an end today a chelsea face liverpool at wembley. i ve got the blues. who do you choose facupfinalrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl its a joke there s no carroll today absolute joke. lfcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl ko in 2 hours.. cfcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl fancy chelsea today 3-1 drogba lampard and gerrard to score cfcrt curu63 i m hoping digger thump craig burley. he s such a humourless bitter scottish tw t. he wa a crap player a well lfcrt lfcismyreligion lfc xi v chelsea reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez. ..rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl why no carrol certain loss lfc dalglishoutrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt naziho_torres9 robert di matteo is going to have the toughest decision choosing the perfect line up for tonight inrdmwetrust cfcrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  al_khulaqi i m so nervous how can i calm them arghh come on lfc.off to wembley for facupfinal with mariepaiser. she s supporting lfc whilst i ll be backing chelseafc. family divided today cfcwatching all two hour of the fa cup final build up..waiting for the lad to get round come on chelsea cfcrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl carefree wherever we may be we are the famous cfc and we don t give a fuck whoever you may be cos we are the famous cfc cfcwembleyrt westbrookdanni come on you blues chelseafc cupfinalrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl marley watching chelseafc win the fa today. nw robertmarawa ss213 roadtofinal2012 vs tot. pickingthings chelsea to win facupfinal chelseart chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl done teamchelsea cfc ..u r mouthed rt dmedia_house iamtundizzy following do followback teamchelsea letsgoort chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl nerves are kicking in. come on liverpool lfc lfcvcfccarragher profile lfc player in prog. on himself over the year i ve been used to playing regularly but i m a squad player now. rt chelseaunite wembley wembley facup cu rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl no i don t want to dress up amp look pretty. i d rather be watching the game in my pjs wearing my lfc jersey amp stuffing my face with chips.rt jdufault12 huge one today at wembley. come on chelseafc cfcwembley supertorresrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..yes this. mt aaron_nagler warning to those who tell me to stick to the nfl in 2 hour i ll be tweeting the bejesus out of cfc lfc chelseafc blue is the colour football is the game..we re not leavin wembley without a trophy a 2day teamchelseart chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl am fucking nervous about this game lfc v cfc coyrwow nice rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl come on the reds lfc eoinomahony92 09pistolpete omicenergy robbieskuseclub wembley lfc box..another day in the office facupfinal kordelia  chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl  lfc today you ll not walk alone for the glory and for the pride of the fa title go reds rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl t-minus two hours.. takethestage facupfinal rt chelseafanscol los ultimos 5 campeones de fa cup han sido blue chelsea x3 portsmouth man city cfcwembley.that s odd. put the tv on at 3pm and no fa cup final maybe kick off ha been moved for the benefit of television. traditionsoldout facuprt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl fuck off chelsea. king kenny 26 trophy chelsea 22 trophy lfc ynwa  chelseafc chelsea will win a landslide victory against liverpool with a score3 rt tweetchelseafc poll who would you like to see start today 1 drogba. 2 torres. 3 drogba amp torres. cfc facuprt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cuprt metalphoenix09 angeliagracia goodmorning i hope torres can keep it up until the end of the championsleague final. cfc chel ..strange feeling of wanting torres to score the winner against liverpool today. facup idratherwalkalone chelseafc the fa cup is for u for surethis facup live rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  facup tha blues will hope to be tha better side a they have not defeated tha reds since may 2010 with lfc winning tha last four bouts.not bothered what the score is today just wanna see a big boyy game 5-5 will do me then pen facupfinal chelski scouser bigdmclfc cmells imellin_lfc any good down there lad atmosphere wise not long now facupfinalrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..going to put the fire on now feet up watch the facupfinal i ve money on zola 1st goalscorer amp red card- john barnes oh no actually wait rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl why are the fa so determined to ruin everything good about english football facup jamessharman so who go down first in the box today suarez or drogba facuprt cfcchants torres torres he left the kop to join the shed.. torres torres he forced liverfool to panic buy now they chanting car ..it s fantastic rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  laurencable08 yes i do great time missing football . hopefully liverpool will win today lfccome lad cfc chelseafc rt grafftommy unconfirmed starter dudek finnan carra agger warnock gerrard spearing dalglish highway suarez fowler. lfc lfcaa ..rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..predictions facupon route to wembley seems like a second home for chelseafc. 2-0 to the chels and drogba on the scoresheet cfcmummy do you like the baddie or the red team lfc facuprt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl the two most racist team in the premiership square off ifbothteamcoachescrashedwoulditmatter facup chelseafc facupfinal tons of luv 2 u all blue-blooded being out there u shall prevail b4 2nite it over..rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl mhen liverpool know how to play fa cup final rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cuprt emmak67 and the result from this year s neutral fa cup who to cheer for coin toss is..tails - liverpool. coyreds. facuprt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt adidasuk facup final day chelseafc fan vs. lfc fan - who s going to takethes .. mostarlfc no need for credit but thanks very much for the mention. unbelievable vids you post lfc fan would be stuck without you ynwadear budweiser whilst i greatly appreciate free stuff a free plastic flag you shouldn t have no really. you shouldn t have. lfcrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl 4231 .. risky move kenny wembley lfc chelseafc we want nothing le than a win..down to the pub for facup final. thinking chelsea is gonna take itgoing to be an interesting facup final today rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  cfcwembley come on u blue rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl hallelujah the shipment i had to pick up from b.a. got bumped to the 8th so i m free to booze it up and watch the f.a. cup final cfcrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt hillsboroughanf if anyone can help lfc with the story of these tile please let the team at the lfc museum know misshanks ..go reds let s win the fa cup d lfc liverpoolchelsea s road to the facupfinal cfc and liverpool s lfclooking forward to the facupfinal today. always loved the day long build up. takes me back to my yoof  coochd89 cheer ynwa lfcrt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off  lfc wearing my lfc t-shirt cap and jacket..proud liverpool supporter .. ynwa officialsf1team wishing all the best to chelseafc in the facupfinal wembley let s get the trophy go blues go sauber well according to afc fan if they finish 3rd they would still have had a better season than lfc what trophy do you get for 3rd knobi m ending myself if we don t win today facupfinal comeonredsher evertonian parent aren t too happy.. lfc  ashptaylor chelseafc hjwestle faack off fine what are you predicting world class lfc now of home to watch skysportsnews amp then the facupfinalchelsea tv exclusive didier s final moments cfc right i m off to buy load of food and beer before settling down to watch jt and stevie g miss vital pelanties . believe facuprt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off  jamiedalton82 yeah for their second goal song ramsey didn t even bother tracking back.. you need a mikeleledomestic and european glory await facup championsleague chelseart cfcchants didier drogba the drog cfcvery anxious morning before the facup final. wish i had loroseh around to grope and squeeze.the game hasn t started yet facupfinalrt empireofthekop rt richard_buxton_ inside wembley now. pitch look excellent. stationed near lfc end today cfc facupfinal .. clairerourke on lfctv right now. build up to wembley lfc facup cfc is this fake  lfc you ll never walk alonert adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool ..rt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa doesn t seem right that the facup final is played before the regular season finish and the 5.15pm ko devalues it even more.what prick idea wa it to put an facupfinal on at 5 15 selfishbatardsonlythinkingabouttheirwallets chelseafc it s nearly time to kick off facupfinal on route to the facupfinal.when is the match starting facuptime of facupfinal time to win chelseafcrt adidasuk newsflash we ve got a signed chelseafc shirt up for grab ahead of today s all-adidas facupfinal showdown.. ..2hrs till facupfinal c mon lfc ynwart subtitlesonly the fa cup final isn t on until 5.15pm so you could read this cancer facuprt fadoaustin facupfinal live today at 11am - come watch with u liverpool chelseart officialsf1team wishing all the best to chelseafc in the facupfinal wembley let s get the trophy can t wait for kick off pre-match nerves. cheers garethlewis_g10 for the coors topman facupfinal lfc ynwa feel cheated that the cup final hasn t just kicked off. facuprt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off rt bensmithbbc if lfc win the fa cup today it would be dalglish s 28th major honour at the club. cfc have won 22 trophy in their h ..yess i m here rt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigreds50 john terry will make his 50th facup appearance at wembley today. cfcliverpool v chealsea facupfinalrt betfair_ireland stefolan betfair_ireland any odds on john terry getting sent off he s 11 4 to get a card. any sending off is .. transferscoop f.a cup final prediction ..going with a 1-3 chelsea win. facup lfc cfc chelsea 10-0 alsarraf67 lfc chloeoconnor56 radiocity967 good look at wembly to day  podyatr mmcvey15 lfc follow me on twitter truefan ynwa wedontbuythesun facupfinal how a nightmare should i get free from this rt cfcchants torres torres he left the kop to join the shed.. torres torres he forced liverfool to panic buy now they chanting car ..come on chelsea serious money on you boy cfc lfc and cfc mfc ouh wait for another season people moaning on my facebook coz it full of facup fotos and updates. i sit threw ur i luv my kid update and 3 00 fotos of ur cat ok folks.. just do it.. sportingbetsa have great odds for the facupfinal chelseaonly that s where i ll be thehospitalclub looking for somewhere to watch the facupfinal on sat look no further -our place chalk room 5pm the enemy play on the roof of wembley for f.a cup final totally bonkers them lot can t wait watch em on 23rd facup oibrett liveerrpooll common you reds facup chelseafc keeping track remotely from just outside torontodear chelseafc please repeat what you did against napoli and change it for liverpool fc. sincerely your no. 1 fan. dubaireds just landed amp to my hotel suite novotel. need to freshen up and then going to make my way down to the bar save me a seat lfcpoor planning for facup. have to attend a wedding and will miss 2nd half. indignity compounded by the fact i am designated driver a well let s do this thing juanmata10 chelseafc utc ktbffh cfc coyblive text commentary build-up of fa cup final lfc cfc . come and give me your comment support and distraction dgo fight win for chelseafc ktbffh facupfinal thefadotcom espntvuk itvfootball.rt official_ntfc the boro sports bar boro v swansea on the screen now ahead of the fa cup bonanza draw at 4 followed by therealfacup ..mufc rt gbosquared if u love ur club show ur logo daa daa dancing cfcrt chelseafc it s facupfinal day and is there a better feeling than another cfcwembley day feeling confident blues fan sl im so nervous for the final that im actually shaking lfcsorry tv but you have ruined cup final day with the 5.15pm kickoff facupfinalrt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off rt talksport former liverpool captain say league position is more important than cup win lfc lollydaskal as our backer lfc go for their dream today we go for ours please sign petition for debfibs are key rtlet s might red lt 3 lfcsheldon is a redman bigbangtheory lfc facupfinal heard that chelsea fan on the tube singing you killed your own fan . absolutely disgusting. they re the lowest of the low lfc facuprt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off arsenal - norwich cracking start to the day. getting pumped for the big game ynwa facup downinghattrick torresowngoalhenrywinter front of 10 cfc v lfc fa cup final programme.. drogba v skrtel rt bluechampion been there. done that. many times. cfc chelseafc rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off that cisse goal - from the stands nufc united newcastle cfc chelsea nefollowersrt paulrogerslfc the kid poster on our minibus facupfinal lfc rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again  rambogoraya good luck rambo - but go the reds lfcrt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off come on chelsea chelseafc seems to be drying out in nw london. fingers crossed cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt officialsf1team wishing all the best to chelseafc in the facupfinal wembley let s get the trophy rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off goodluck. make me proud rt chelseafc rt torres support u chelseafc rt wilberthoward chelsea-liverpool ambe mana rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off ivanovic to get sent off liverpool to win 2-1 stevie g to bag terry to cry lfc ynwasemakin berdebar bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigreds rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again not gonna lie i m getting nervous now. still seems age to kick off lfcit wa fa cup grandstand footysays the cup final would have started by now thedayisdragging lfc ynwa lfc best of luck all the way from adelaide south australia lad xxwhy the fuck is the facupfinal kicking off at 5 15 patheticreds will be double winner tonight.ynwa rt ayuchandraa tonight final facup chelsea v liverpool ko 23 15 wib live at mnctv espn beer and curry sorted bring on the fa cup cfc utc nicolasbotakk vkav271996 cladylevin iharishan lfc dhineesh96 it s now or never  birtyj yeah mate defo suarez gerrard and lampard i think lfcbaker street..lively cfc fans..throwing celery.. rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt stefakway gjlomas fernando torres ha actually scored more goal than liverpool in the last 10 games. cfc lfc celery flying outside baker street. 2 hour to kick off cfcwembleyrt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcbeers friend and family all around to watch the match come on you red make this day even better lfc ynwa kellythebrown you too hun come on lfc d miichab rushj44rt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigredsrt uprediction rt if you think chelsea are going to win the fa cup and see if it can get more rt s than liverpool. facup cfchere i am pitch side. it s going to be a great day facupfinal come on redmen rt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigredsrt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off my cousin is arsenal fan amp he say he wont support cfc in the champions league final if they arsenal finish out of top 4. cfc hater ready for the football i m not a cfc fan but still facupfinal rt angelicfisi rt rahtlesnake waiting for the final.. facup pauldalglish lonestarsc austinaztex lfc you have an android phone if so download the sopcast app jones2406 mannanjamil17 chelseafc queer i reckon 3-2 to u pwelcome to wembly it raining amp torress like it that way. its gomna be 3-1 in favour of blues cc lasiti1 chelseafc cfc joking my own bum away goodluck liverpoolfc rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again the best pre-cup final tweets - liverpool fc via lfcrt chedlund fuck off chelsea you aint got no history five european cup and eighteen league thats what we call history lfc chelse ..hmm rt aykemoorexx getting ready for the final let s get this boy cc chelseafc  misskatie_grace pub time soon to watch the might blue cfc sophiamyles we are lfc jamiedalton82 just bring a dvd of today game because that ha made me ill darrenarsenal1 maybe wa before the injury rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl just discovered final at 5.15. is nothing sacred tv ha destroyed our game. facupfinalrt iamtundizzy done teamchelsea cfc ..u r mouthed rt dmedia_house iamtundizzy following do followback teamchelsea letsgoo blueisthecolor..go go chelseafc ..rt melaniecmusic soo jealous of everyone heading down to wembley today comeonliverpool facupfinal chelseafc the squad wa seen yesterday practising penalty i guess they are also prepared for the worst cfcwembley joefootycome on you reds facuprt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl goodluck chelseafc keep the blue flag flying high.. hit the wembley cfcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl just hoping it a facupfinal to remember my prediction chelseafc 2 lfc 1vamos chelseafc let s take the fa cup i fooking hate advert why can t the fa cup be on the bbc facupfinalfa cup final chelsea v liverpool - live cfcreported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez not confirmed yet rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl i quite like the formation - trying to exploit the slow chelsea defence with bellers and suarez. playing on the counter today facupfinalrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl liverpool better win this game facupu ll loose all in jesus name amen lol rt gerdermo were are in the facup final and ucl final and wer did cont rt ppoffers sst.listen liverpool to lift the fa cup 3 1 pricegasm lfcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl lfc 3- 1cfc. facupfinal rt grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc lt lt lt lt lt lt lt lt predict rt chelseayouth rt liverpoolyouths lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hend. down. gerrard bellamy suarez. ..well duncanjenkinsfc is usually spot on with his lfc teams. let s hope that continues today.why are people already sitting in their seat at wembley wembley facupfinalless than two hour until game time.. lfc ynwaloving these old facup match on foxsoccerrt adidasuk newsflash we ve got a signed lfc shirt up for grab ahead of today s all-adidas facupfinal showdown..  cfc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl  lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez notlucasleiva21 sounds pretty sick. hopefully just the minority. the majority of cfc fan did themselves proud in the semi. lfc dalesteyn62 sony pix and sony six show fa cup final. cfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. gturv couldn t agree more facupfinalgone are the day when we used to see them having their breakfast at the hotel facuprt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl don t forget the disrespect those rent boy showed during minute silence at semi jft96 lfc facupfinal liverpool  facup final today chelsea go blues here s an awesome cfc chelsea chelseafc fan shared image on fancite via gashdonna rt aredturtle martin skrtel is so hard he asked for a big mac in burger king and got one ynwa lfc facupfinal nerves are setting in a bit. come on you reds lfc chelseafc had you fallen over when you took that pic - rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl don t care who win so i ve put two bet on. torres 1-0 or suarez 1-0. those are the only result that will make me happy. lfc cfcfa cup final today. it s cfc or lfc.rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt espntvuk john terry s shin pad look like it is designed for a child cfc facupfinal2 hours left damn cfc lfc facupfinalrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off  chelsea gonna have the worst night of their life later b gogoliverpool lfc ynwart thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..liverpool s lineup v chelsea facupfinal eotk lfcfamily lfcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl reina johnson skrtle agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez lfc facuprt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt itvfootball a behind the scene peek at how our graffiti-style fa cup final montage wa put together cfc lfcrt bennebtaylor dennis wise on the panel .. what a legend cfc facupfinalrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl  bbcsportsworld this mean alot to liverpool than chelsea but you have a feeling it going down in history facupa lot can change within a year_ robertomartinez facupfinal a cfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..less than two hour to go. getting nervous like anything. fingers twisted rather than crossed. xd facupfinalrt iamtundizzy done teamchelsea cfc ..u r mouthed rt dmedia_house iamtundizzy following do followback teamchelsea letsgoort iamtundizzy done teamchelsea cfc ..u r mouthed rt dmedia_house iamtundizzy following do followback teamchelsea letsgoo gullitr i hope so fingers crossed cfcwembleychelsea fan wavin the sun at liverpool fan horrible bastard lfcgetting nervous now cfc facupfinal cfcs all the wayashley cole play his 8th fa cup final. he s only lost 2 fa cup tie - the 2001 final and then on pen to everton in 2011. cfc bbcfootballrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl  dalesteyn62 it s on channels sony pix and sony six dale. lfc ynwart chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl i know i won t be able to watch today s game sue to work but come on you red men make me a very proud lad facup ynwart thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl na wa o just becos arsenal drew their match today they don t want chelseafc to win the ucl sourlosersrt adidasuk newsflash we ve got signed lfc shirt up for grab ahead of today s all-adidas facupfinal showdown.. rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt adidasuk t-minus two hours.. takethestage facupfinal  jordan_corbo c mon lfc let s have it chelseafc rosstarke would have done a better job topkitman12.15 kick-off cfc lfcrt chelseafanscol we re gonna make this a blue day we re gonna make wembley a blue stadium cfcwembley cfcpics chelseafc ..rt iamtundizzy done teamchelsea cfc ..u r mouthed rt dmedia_house iamtundizzy following do followback teamchelsea letsgoort chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl  barackoblue your mouthed mate cfc till devil repent less than 2 hour until kick off lfc cupdouble chelseaanalysis cfc big game today. chelsea shall overcome l pool. cfc for life. need all my chelsea guy to follow back. thx emma_foll r_shafier marcmclaren hahahha we are jut about to get a take out nandos and eat it on our way to wembley woo exciting timert chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  ukwchristaylor hell yeah i am p chelseafc all the way p it will be a good match good luck to you loser prt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. lfc any news on team yet lfc cfc facupfinal demolaojo darrenarsenal1 that draw epitomises what s been wrong arsenal mediocrity reign a lax will 2 win until it becomes too latei really hope it doesnt go to penalty i d have little confidence in u winning then though i said that at the carling cup facupfinallmao johnwaves chelsea99-1liverpool rt grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc lt lt lt lt lt lt lt lt predict rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl  jackeeba not saying it a wrong thing to be doing..something lfc need to be considering. honda good player make commercial sense to anticipation excitement fear anxiety jubilation tear of joy. facupfinal gwalsh94 no carroll it seems disappointed by that. lfc that s a shameblue eyeshadow earring underwear top an jean blueisthecolour cfc chelseafcanyone in canada know the time and channel lfc ynwa facuprt iamtundizzy done teamchelsea cfc ..u r mouthed rt dmedia_house iamtundizzy following do followback teamchelsea letsgoort danwalkerbbc kenny dalglish ha never lost to chelsea a a manager - 13 game in total lfc cfc facupfinal statrt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cup rt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..ready for kick off.. blue chelseafc upthegills en route to raz s facupfinal come on chelsea razzatron noel__ lol come my house watch facup final leh..finally a good use for chelsea jersey at the pub lfc4-4 please facuprt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt cfcchants if torres score against lfc today he must run the whole of wembley just like how adebayor did when he scored against ar ..was going to have a baked tater for me tea but after seeing adrian chiles i ve gone off the idea facupfinalrt chelsea4girls ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off brilliant come on chelsea cfcwembley rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  thenameschelsea and each of them to score 2 goal each cfc chelseafc look like mikel start - rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl copa de fa y cinco de mayo the god really do have a sense of humor. i ll be lucky to see the sunset. lfcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt iamtundizzy done teamchelsea cfc ..u r mouthed rt dmedia_house iamtundizzy following do followback teamchelsea letsgoo razrmyth rashthedoctor lynnfarmer6 advait_cfc sistabloom i don t we have stamford bridge home to the mighty cfc for over 100 yearrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt iamtundizzy done teamchelsea cfc ..u r mouthed rt dmedia_house iamtundizzy following do followback teamchelsea letsgoojogging to wembley stadium cfcwembley facupfinal thedimatteo fa cup a player and manager.. come on cfcrt smokeyformby rt adidasuk newsflash we ve got signed lfc shirt up for grab ahead of today s all-adidas facupfinal showdown.. .. comeonyoublues cfc chelsea to win facupfinal teamdrogbawhy am i not going to wembley . facupfinalrt gjlomas fernando torres ha actually scored more goal than liverpool in the last 10 games. cfc lfccome on you blues cfc rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..if chelseafc win the fa cup today then this party will be 100times better rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt danwalkerbbc kenny dalglish ha never lost to chelsea a a manager - 13 game in total lfc cfc facupfinal statblue is the colour football is da game we re 2gether and winning is our aim.. come on chelseafccome on liverpooll ynwa lfc facupashley cole s next appearance will be his 250th start for chelsea. cfcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt johncrossmirror afc wenger say they were punished for mistakes. not in our hand anymore. rumoured lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt leewalker0505 this is shit should be 30 minute into the game now fasuck lfc ynwa jft96 this is shit should be 30 minutes..the two most controversial team meet today in d facup finalhope chelsea win tonight cause let face it liverpool fan are a bunch of cunts. facuprt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl already getting annoyed watching and listening to itv cup final coverage adrain childs mr dull o another break great lfcdecent interesting stat downing lfc rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..can always remember fa cup being last football game of season no other match being played what s happened to change that facupfinallike 2pac said we hit em all fcbarcelona stil 2come liverpool en bayern the blue chelseafcheading to thefreshfield soon for the game. great beer and hopefully a great game. lfc ynwart chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl what great support from those lfc fans on lfctvrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off  empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezwe reckon you ve waited long enough to hear our facup report from the trader still plenty of bet flying in but here s the latest. cfc very best frivolity at any time bore rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..look like a 4231 formation for lfc today. midfield is incredibly weak but it the best we could put out happy carra isn t starting.so excited for today facup final d come on liverpool go red go rt hasifdarwish come on you red ynwa lfc dalesteyn62 check sony pix.. facup cfc lfc india katy_thorpe i too am having a lad day facup beer burger enjoy xxrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  lfc xi facup final reina-enrique-agger-skrtel-glenjo-spearing-henderson-gerrard-downing-bellamy-suarez.rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl simple good life with ma boy goodlyfe_zenden lemarion_becks missing in action allyloso waiting for facupfinal spearing is the back-bone today. is really important in stopping mata. henderson and gerrard along with spearing form a perfect trio lfc pdv_1 djshocker appreciate the sentiment but put your game face on pansy s 2day is about the take over what s rightfully blue cfc lfc lt 3 at the end of the storm there is a golden sky and now it s the time when we will see it ynwa go go go  ynwa rt newsliverpool fa cup final chelsea v liverpool - live lfcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt adidasuk t-minus two hours.. takethestage facupfinal gbam yolo_soenjoy barackoblue your mouthed mate cfc till devil repent rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..cup final day let s make it a great one redmen come on luis16suarez kennethdalglish glen_johnson dirk_18_kuyt lfc ynwai love the fa cup. i really don t understand people who don t especially when they re football people facuprt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl just about time for that cup double..let s go lfc lfc line-up for the final reina - johnson skrtel agger jose enrique - spearing henderson gerrard downing - bellamy suarez.dennis wise look a good now a he did 20 year ago wonder what s his beauty secret facup chelseart chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl 30 minute till sbs coverage d facupfinalrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl the only chelsea fan on the train a they sing liverpool songs.. almost at wembley liverpoolscum cfc ktbffh cfc it s gonna be a blue day in wembley today thingsbetterthensex the feeling at 7.30pm after lfc have won the facupnot being able to get boozed up because i wa running 10k the morning after.. facupfinalrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl liverpool xi reina johnson agger skrt l jose enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing suarez bellamy via duncanjenkinsfc lfcgood luck blue rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt chelseafancite here s an awesome cfc chelsea chelseafc fan shared image on fancite via gashdonna rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  chelseafc follow please i m a big fan of chelsea my picture is manchester city because my friend support them now i cant change he lock itrt adidasuk t-minus two hours.. takethestage facupfinal rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  chelseafc we gne win agen tuday rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl  liamwickes21 come on chelsea cfcbrian moore for those of you watching in black amp white lfc are in all red amp cfc are in all blue. classic facupfinalrt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cup johncrossmirror does he take any blame for the defending c mon cfc let s win this cfc pride hoobyhoobs who u decided to support today then scouser or dirty loaded chelsea facupfinal atos kaseprt graze2type a follback a rt daveyrockin the campion rt ucup_cobra rt graze2type rt lfc the .. fa cup final on 5 may at 5.30pm d i s g r a c e lfcrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl had an everton fan give me banter all the way to anfield during the taxi ride. lfc notfunrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt live4lfc fa cup final chelsea v liverpool live telegraph lfcperched infront of the tele ready for some major sport action-another epic liverpool final and an osprey s masterclass hopeful facupfinalwould just like to warn my follower when liverpool with the facup i am going to shut twitter down lfc ynwa lfcfamilyjust chilling kelly jones opposite me stereophonics wembley facupfinal..what not best xi empireofthekop the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez two hour of itv build-up dear god the humanity. facupfinal fbdoes one game of football really need 2 hour of coverage before it start facupunconfirmed rt jamessowah lfc starting xi - reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarezchelsea rt grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc lt lt lt lt lt lt lt lt predict come on liverpool win the facup we can do it rt adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool ..39 year a go today at this time - porterfield safc facupwill there be an early goal in lfc v cfc we have minute 3 4 5 10 and 11 all without an oddschangercombo entry. 1 entry per person fans on lfc lfctv then wa bos we don t need are club to give out flag we bring are own brilliantthat sepp blatter eh.. facupchelsea we love you we do chelseafc go team victoryrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  jim_eastwood_ lfc petesnodden apprenticegavin - the red will win 2-0. keepthefaithjimrt liverpoolyouths lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hend. down gerrard bellamy suarez. via duncanjenkinsfc never thought i d say this but.. come on chelsea hope you properly turn over the scum facup youscousebastardsrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..getting tense for the cup final bring it home boy ynwa lfcdrogba and torres to start cfc sianwelby as our backer lfc go for their dream today we go for ours please sign petition for debfibs are key rtrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. lfc i bet they got more plastic flag than u facup lfc jft96rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl at this time in 1973. ian porterfield scored what wa the winning goal at wembley. ftm facup safc cfc buzzed facup 1931-32 liverpool 0-2 chelsea 1961-62 liverpool 4-3 chelsea 1964-65 chelsea 0-2 liverpool 1965-66 liverpool 1-2 chelsea. facupfinal i ve a feeling fernando terrorist could score against his former club liverpool today ynwai want torres back. lfcchelsea won t lose chelseafc lfc come on lad do u proud. ynwa chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl  chelseafc are the new 12 13 kit being worn today a big good luck to chelseafc for this afternoon xxrt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezgonna watch the facupfinal at port grand screening by liverpool s official pakistani supporter club. let s do this chelseafc cfcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cupi suport you to win today rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl henderson u owe u one good game this season hopefully it 2day lfcrt chelseafc send u your pic of the day using cfcwembley and we ll rt our faves a always. facupfinal sl  we re on the march with kenny s army we re all going to wembley and we really shake them up when we win the fa cup lfc facuprt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl wembley get in.. lfc ynwart lukehirst the facup final should kick off at 3.00pm. it should be on the bbc. the build up should start at 9.00am. and it should b .. robbie9fowler god in tv. i hope you are our lucky mascot today robbiefowler lfc ynwalmfao rt johnwaves chelsea99-1liverpool rt grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc lt lt lt lt lt lt lt lt predictrt newsliverpool breaking news confirmed liverpool line-up v chelsea fa cup final lfcrt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcthat would be lovely come on u blues facupfinal chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cup fokus lad i wish you re can get double winner carling cup dan fa cup hope lfc lfc_idrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl  lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez what carroll9 no rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl don t like facup final starting after 5pm. keep the tradition0 vs 2 rt grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc lt lt lt lt lt lt lt lt predictit is on facupjust behind either lfc or cfc on the road facupfinalrt adidasuk t-minus two hours.. takethestage facupfinal i ll go watch the facup final instead. hope for a good match facup buulfcif lfc win any money every efc fan say we got lucky and didn t deserve itrt adidasuk to win a signed shirt get involved amp takethestage chelseafc fan vs. lfc fan ..go go chelseafc we can win this rt adidasuk t-minus two hours.. takethestage facupfinal rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl getting out the tube amp looking down wembley way always sends shiver down the spine.will never forget the1st time a 14 year old. lfc buzzlet s go chelsea facupfinalrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl time to wear my gerrard jersey lfcliverpool will lift up the cup yaay c mon lah facup..you will never walk alone..  chelsea v liverpool cfc lfc twitter exclusive drogba 2-1 to chelsea 33 1 with paddypower facupfinal epl facup rt chelseayouth rt liverpoolyouths lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hend. down. gerrard bellamy suarez. .. cirdaveian chelseafc in the green man ready for what could be cfcwembley the wife who support bwfc is showing her support today lfc ynwa did adrian chiles just call andy carroll andy corro facupfinallmao p chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl just at my seat behind the goal fucking get in wembley blue is the colour football is our game c mon chelsea facupfinal temrysslane red lfc ehaywood9 wow i just love your living room coyb cfcrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl we not watch the finel of facupfinel bcoz our cable not start the channel. very sad. facup cfc lfc chelseafcrt jerome_j92 liamwickes21 come on chelsea cfcrt dipour calmdwn nw rt johnwaves chelsea99-1liverpool rt grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc lt lt lt lt lt ..any excuse for a party in our house facupfinalrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt chelseafc rt cirdaveian chelseafc in the green man ready for what could be cfcwembley rt jontysolomons tube to london is full of liverpool fans. even the girl have big perm and moustaches. facuprt newsliverpool liverpool s lineup v chelsea facupfinal lfcso so so so nervous know we can do these plastic shite just need lot of performance lfcwoodwork stat klaxon lfcall 5 butterfly hatched and now released. last one to go- fernandotorres dragging his feet. taster of tonite lfc rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl watching the facup build up.. who do you want today and what score are you going for cfc lfcrt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez lfcfinn follow me back fellow lfc fan ynwart chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt lfcboston packed phoenix landing. lfc fb rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  mahonschleb prayforschleb yeah i m looking forward to it a a 6 10 fan it mean an awful lot to me. helloiamjoseph second team v cfcrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off  tashalbs_jones so you gonna watch the game cfc lfcrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl hmm.. minus kuyt. but still a quite strong lineup imo. lfcwohoo can t waitrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl  ryansmokeyryan hon the pool lfcgood luck to the boy today 2-0 to lfc facupupsets me soo much seeing torres in a red shirt facupfor all my lfc followers. and also being a former resident of mossley hill. i hope you win today.so a per usual i can t watch cfc on a saturday because of my prick of a bos aggedrt pricelessdude lmfao rt johnwaves chelsea99-1liverpool rt grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc lt lt lt lt l ..leaving for wembley - the nerve are kicking in..from stamford bridge to wembley we keep the blue flags flying high cfcwembley facupfinalrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt henrywinter front of 10 cfc v lfc fa cup final programme.. drogba v skrtel rt mrjakehumphrey shh..surely no-one will notice if i borrow it for my mantelpiece will they.. facupfinal rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off lt quiero una soytanbritishrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl  lfc team reina - johnson skrtel agger enrique - henderson spearing gerrard - downing suarez bellamyrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl cmon lfc. smash chelsea ynwa chelseafc always take great pride in supporting a great team. facupfinal cfc. all the way comeonyoubluesgoodhomert ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl that s me last tweet squeaky arse fan time. sweat patch are already in overdrive lfc. prediction 3-1 red men suarez hat-rick nervouswinning the facup and beating lfc to it will be very interesting and non-forgetable achievementrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt digeniius like drake s album rt dr_jabz27 so the lfc team ha leaked.. swin or lose chelseafc forever every time i say fa cup it reminds me of the lewis twin in the bath off twin town facupfinalrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl john barnes talk sense espn lfc chelseafc got time for a game of league of legend before kick off 5 15 lolalready struggling to contain the excitement ahead of facup final despite adrian chiles best effort to dampen the mood. come lfc ynwa  gabommyt mariano_bonfi chelseafc super chelseayes i did just boo through all of the video of torres. judas lfc ynwart arturpetrosyan lfc line-up for the final reina - johnson skrtel agger jose enrique - spearing henderson gerrard downing - bellamy ..rt officialsf1team wishing all the best to chelseafc in the facupfinal wembley let s get the trophy  jerome_j92 come on you blue cfcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl 100th tweet milestone feliz cinco de mayo let s win it today lfc for game like this you gotta sit at the counter.. lfc winnersrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  bigdmclfc i know your not there mate you enjoy it with your hefner top and slipper bro facupfinalon the train to wembley come on chelseafc beat those dirty scouse carefreelet s go liverpool facupfinalrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n .. gnev2 what s your prediction today liverpool or chelsea facup chelseafc my team is battle ready to destroy the redslook at the size of this baby to watch the final in ynwa lfc what a poor game in the welsh cup final. roll on 5.15 fa cup final facupliverpool v chelsea .. excited isn t the word ynwa only a couple of hour to kick off now comee on lad coyr lfcrt kittymai cab driver said barca had an off day. fuck off. we beat them twice and the second time wa with ten men cfcfingers crossed chelsea to win the fa cup inshallah cfcrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl getting excited nervous now facup chelseafc looking forward to hopefully chelsea s first trophy of the season munich and wembley will be blue come on cfc cfcwembleylovin the fella on lfc tv we dont need plastic flag we ve got our own haha snaptheflagrt liverpoolyouths lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hend. down. gerrard bellamy suarez. via duncanjenkinsfc rt liverpoolyouths lfc xi v chelsea reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez. ..just got enhanced odds for lfc to lift cup at 3 1 paddypower. hit it up before it go rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl  mrjimmycorkhill lfc are ya nerve hanging out jimmy ladrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl  gloria_cupido chelseafc may the best chelsea win carma_jones anthony0104 rt fortifiedmoses jogging to wembley stadium cfcwembley facupfinalbig day in sports..fa cup final chelseafc .. washcaps game 4..kentucky derby and then floydmayweather go to 43-0  goaluk i will certainly go for both. torres with his skill and drogba with his strenght will break the heart of lfc facupfinal chelseafc and is that drogba with 4 pair of boot next to him 0.o theeggchef really why are they inventing a rivalry that isn t there dont they realise no one arsed about them cfcrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl john terry will make his 50th fa cup appearance at wembley on saturday. cfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafccome on you reds let s paint london liverpool red facupfinalrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl en route to wembley camon cfc i want thedoublec mon redman bring that second trophy home facup 2cups ynwareported lineup running round the twitter claim no carroll in the starting xi but a win none-the-less come on reds ynwa lfcrt omgjoee come on chelseaa cfcaya ge stiker a rt graze2type a follback a rt daveyrockin the campion rt ucup_cobra rt graze2type rt lfc .. rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cuprt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl iye hr mnang lo rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl surely chelsea are going to win can not see liverpool winning facuprt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl that lfc jersey i left at benakesseh s ha become the good luck charm for cfc. lol. i must go and reclaim my property facuppre-match nerve setting in. a couple more wembley goal from drogba would be nice cfc facupgot to admit i m feeling all tense for today s final. hope we can beat the blue today. lfc v cfc. come on redmen make me proud rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl tonight fa cup final liverpool v chelseafc wembley kickoff 23 15 wib live mnctv the reds v the blues don t miss it guy ktbffh d pauldalglish lonestarsc austinaztex lfc if you can t find one dm me and i can helprt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl really frickin nervous about the final.. started drinking to calm my nervous not sure this is wise. come on you reds ynwa lfc chelseafc ready for kick off facupfinal chelsea v losserpool wembley stadium cfcwembleychelsea fc v liverpool fc facupfinal  tourofitaly a great way of killing time before facup starts. gonna be a long night.. too much sport on other side of world morecoffeenow chelseafc come on blues we can win we are pride of london cfcwembley facupfinalrt jcroker2 ashley cole play his 8th fa cup final. he s only lost 2 fa cup tie - the 2001 final and then on pen to everton in 2011. ..love when they show clip of torres facuprt newsliverpool breaking news confirmed liverpool line-up v chelsea fa cup final lfcrt abdalla_gucci simple good life with ma boy goodlyfe_zenden lemarion_becks missing in action allyloso waiting for facupfinal dad just pushed and sneaked his way past at least 15 people to get the last round at the green man wemberrlee in record time legend cfcrt newsliverpool breaking news confirmed liverpool line-up v chelsea fa cup final lfcstill give me goosebump when i see how fucking good torres wa for lfc. great times. good work in the montage itv facupi love dennis wise chelsealegend facupfinalquality atmosphere around the ground .. lfcgot to say i m surprised to see bellamy in the side ahead of carroll. kenny is going for a more fluid attack it seems. lfc facuprt ficklefootball are the americans ready yet for the facupfinal .i hope so.. all this waiting is for them budweisercuprt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl chelsea v liverpool at 10.30pm on mnctv cfc will win the fa cuprt itvfootball at around 4.15pm today in our live facupfinal show today - adrian chiles interview miracle man fabrice muambart chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt gullitr good morning everyone. on my way to london for the facupfinal. come on you bluethis wembley place is becoming all to familiar facupfinalrt westbrookdanni come on you blues chelseafc cupfinal30kth tweet in hope the legend that is john terry lift the fa cup today. cfcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl it s a must for chelsea.. just a preparation against bayern munich.. cfcwembleyrt tommporter come on you blue facuprt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl it s coming that time facupfinal spence01 v jealous mate get behind the boy ynwa lfcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  fa cup final the only thing going on my mind chelseafc v lfcto all liverpool fans. do not accept the free plastic flag being given out at wembley. lfcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl didier drogba ha never failed to score in wembley and ha scored in every fa cup final he ha played in cfc 2 1anytime facup neil_agate enjoy the sun..for dark cloud are approaching on the lfc horizon..poor team 50m loss major surgery required damaged brandwhatever be the starting line-up. i back kenny and his decision. we are bringing the cup home lfc ynwaand fsc ha the highlight of the 2006 final. good omen lfcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl can t wait for facupfinal liverpool vs chelsea ynwa kingkenny chelseafc have to win the fa cup they re the best no one can beat them gt lt i believe that chelsea will win gogo chelsea  johncrossmirror anyone ask him why he couldn t motivate his team in the first place pre-requisite surely for a big match.to be honest i don t want hednerson in starting xi. lfcdowning will be a star next year for villa facupcome on liverpool let s do this lfc ynwawembley-bound cfc coybrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  chelseafc how many pair of boot doe drogba want tekkersjohn barnes talking great sense on espn lfcrt kenpootcfc david luiz and gary cahill both miss out due to injury but every other first team member is fit chelseafc ktbffh cfc utcrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl the 2 most boring football team in the premier league playing at wembley can mean only 1 thing this will be a shit facup final lfc cfctorres used to be class for us. i forgot. shame really lfcthis wait for the match is a killer mightgogetcans facupfinal lfcwe ve brought our own flag thanks lfcfa cup belongs to chelseafc this match is just a formality facup 1996-97 chelsea 4-2 liverpool 2005-06 chelsea 1-2 liverpool.rt antrooney10 fans on lfc lfctv then wa bos we don t need are club to give out flag we bring are own brilliantrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl my dream rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl i would sign john barnes back tomorrow. the guy is all liverpool. lfc espn facupfinal chelseafc buzzin for the team sheetblue day for chelseafc thebluesindonesiart empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez chelseafc go chelsea go.. we gotta win facupfinalrt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafc chelseafc the dressing room at the bridge is better. cfc facupfinalrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl it will be so funny if carrol and torres scored today facupjohn barnes is doing well against that tit craig burley. lfc. ynwa2 hour of fa cup buildup before the big game good times.. just a shame it s on itv adverts-a-plenty facup facupfinalcup final day. wish they could both lose tbh. can t stand either team facupfinal rentboysvsbindippersrt anfieldheaven only one big club at anfieldsouth today lfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..hopefully this is the way the team will look today. lfc and so re u guy gonna lose mattlawexpress everyone asking for a villa favour - jeez you re desperate nevergonnahappen rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with itrt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez1 hour 45 minutes countdowntokickoff wembley ynwaso dat y liverpool lfc..all da way facup 1977-78 chelsea 4-2 liverpool 1981-82 chelsea 2-0 liverpool 1985-86 chelsea 1-2 liverpool.watching the fa cup final build up lfcrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl liverpool v chelsea tonight. ynwa lfc di shall be supporting the blues today justsayin facupfinal smperris discomfort of computer would be small price to pay for me to see facupfinal with lfc phenry74 i think we will do it ynwa lfcchelsea. the blues cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal  adelecfc i aint a lucky a you to be at the wembley but i probably am equally nervous and excited.go blues cfc lfc xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard bellamy suarez downingitv just did a head to with andy carroll and drogba drogba world class carroll pub class facupfa cup fa cup fa cup come on you red liverpool ynwa lfc hatechelsea soexcited susanmcke morning_joe john_w_henry joenbc goingfortheburn bscpensioner come on the reds lfcrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl liverpool liverpool liverpool justice justice justice beat the chavs cup final liverpool liverpool liverpool lfcseems only red at wembley at the moment. noplasticflags for lfc.rt freshest_boi lmao johnwaves chelsea99-1liverpool rt grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc lt lt lt lt lt l ..i m pissed in north london and a the local say i m laaving it . lfc. facup. wereonthemarchwithkennysarmy rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezalso lookong forward to seeing teddyweruwolf for the first time in month hopefully lfc will put me in a great mood facupfinalrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off  np fearless by pinkfloyd. lfc ynwa ynwa ynwa ynwa ynwa ynwa ynwa ynwa ynwa ynwa ynwa ynwa ynwa ynwa ynwaso if lfc striker had scored even a third of chance created by downing would it have been a bad season for him surely out of his hand keep the blue flag flying high chelseafc chelseaindo ciscbalikpapanrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl  chelseafc cmon the blue cfcrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n .. gullitr that is why you will always be a cfc legend. god bless ya.might ave a bet on facupfinal not sure who to put my money on tho any idea come on chelseafc cfctonights game we have to win chelseafcwembeley wembeley cfcwembleydennis wise boggle eyed cunt facupfinal lfcrt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off  mattrnli9 yeah and hopefully it will be 8 in 8 after 2day cfc coybrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..do i watch the facup final on espn or itv  jasonindubai wow load then. facupfinal later for meme and loyal liverpool supporting dog ready for facupfinal luckycharm ryan babbel sent off already. he really didn t want to miss lfc in the fa cup final5.30 rt d_tameo when is the match starting facuprt joojambol never walk alone lfcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl beers and wine ready for facupfinal oh and cigarette let goort liverpoolyouths lfc xi v chelsea reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez. ..gutted johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it craig burley is just laying the boot into lfc at every opportunity. what a berk.rt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl might miss the chelseafc game.if that s the case i m really upset and it probably wont be on tv.. shoothope lfc win today be gutted if they didn t rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezthe lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezcome on blues cfcwembleyour new french mastiff frank wa named after frank lampard facupfinal - come on chelsea what is that cretin doing on itv nufc facupoff to work by the time i come home lfc will be fa cup winners. positivethinking ynwapetr cech chelsea at wembley is something special and hopefully we can keep it special again. cfc brentfordfc look flat goin forward first-half. bees lead 1-0 thanks to josh thompson own goal. bfc cfcgroundsmen at wembley have decided to host facupfinal match in air between liverpool amp chelsea. look yourself- rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl ew i feel sick just kick off already lfc facupfinaltime is near liverpool football club for the win win or lose liverpool will always be apart of me ynwa lfc liverpool facupfinalrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..rt newsliverpool breaking news confirmed liverpool line-up v chelsea fa cup final lfcmy dad thedibdobman is at wembley today for the facupfinal look like everyone is there.. joshmeatsix johnbishop100 simonrim coyr rt kellymarie727 lovin the fella on lfc tv we dont need plastic flag we ve got our own haha snaptheflagrt tommyhull_lfc if the team thats been rumoured is tha actual team then i m more than happy. would rather have shelvey over spearing ..rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl  gullitr must win chelseafc chelseart chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  lfc 3 chelshit 0 rt lfcfinn predictions facuprt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe .. lfc to play with quick break and high pressure. 4-3-3. carroll been playing well but we d need to change system to fit him. facupfinals belongs to cfc todaylmfao you seen the this drogba terry hahahah lfc fucking all day hahahah rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt chelseayouth rt liverpoolyouths lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hend. down. gerrard bellamy suarez. ..there are an awful lot of goal i must say. but then there are considerably more ball too so i suppose it s to be expected. facuprt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..hows everyone i miss u all going to watch the match cfc laurathorp i ll take 2-1. drog first gerrard equaliser lamps to win it that would be perfect for me cheekyflutter facupfinaldaydream rt toboray cirdaveian chelseafc in the green man ready for what could be cfcwembley ..  facup timee soon guys whoo u want too win  facupfinal going for a 3 - 2 chelsea win. mediamk lfc wanaitwa thereds only. reddevils is the one and only manchesterunitedgonna be a good game bets on who facupfinal chelseafc wa in there a couple of week ago..sounds like dennis wise need to clear his throat facupfinallfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez. facupfinal ynwa lfcfeel like reading again so thought i d download this on the ipad. ynwa lfc rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. gt that s terrible news for him. how sad.started shaking and getting all emo wtf lfc cupfinal johncrossmirror guessing he ll miss pre-season too 100 minute to kick off. come on liverpool lfcrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez iankenrick97 respect other club like i do that s a mark of a true supporter thats cfc for you. chelseafc currently in laos backpacking and representing the famous cfc cfcwembley earlyhours rt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..rt liverpoolyouths lfc xi v chelsea reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez. ..didier drogba ha 7 goal in 7 appearance at new wembley. kingsofwembley cfccome on chelsea walk all over scummy liverpool cfcrt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..rt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa  johncrossmirror you couldn t make that up  mrblackmills it facupfinal day .. what s ur score predictiontiri hoo in fafor of lifapuu in yoruba accent rt grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc lt lt lt lt lt lt lt lt predict rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt jamieselliott pre-match nerve setting in. a couple more wembley goal from drogba would be nice cfc facup lfc team v chelsea - confirmed reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez. waiting for sub  lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard bellamy suarez downing. via duncanjenkinsfc rt lynseydalglish just left adam park and waspsrugby are winning keep it up boy on my way to wembley now round2 lfc facupfinal adidasuk chelseafc 7 thing you should know about chelseafc manager roberto di matteo rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl fuck off dennis wise give anything for robbie9fowler to drop him live on tele ynwa lfcrt c_doubleyou liverpool fan banner for today s game facup jft96going for the triple crow win adelaide_fc casey on pole now for a red win lfcrt amar_lfc would just like to warn my follower when liverpool with the facup i am going to shut twitter down lfc ynwa lfcfamilyrt timbuffalo chelsea fc v liverpool fc facupfinal ka cera cera whatever will be will be i m on my way to wembley ka cera cera with romf1985on the road to wembley go blue cfc facupfinalstewart downing lfc cup final cuppa lfc ynwa rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt naziho_torres9 just 2 hour left england is blue wembley is blue london is blue and the fa cup trophy is blue cfc wewillbech ..wow who ha all those orange boot mata rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before .. anyone know the lfc bench yet getting ready to watch lfc in the fa cup with damo58 . prepared for more than a few nerve and tantrums.. from the mister in the barber earlier and the bloke said if chelsea don t win you ll just be pussyclarts leaveit cfc notpussyclarts chelseafcrt bensmithbbc if lfc win the fa cup today it would be dalglish s 28th major honour at the club. cfc have won 22 trophy in their h ..on way to lfc london boozer to meet my bruv. lfcmaxi should play ahead of downing but downing ha a point to prove so let s hope he take the chance. lfcbreaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirror afcrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl  mrsstevieg albarr1978 let s go reds wembleyrt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl its been a dissapointingly underwhelming season. please do the domestic cup double a a bit of consolation. good luck lad lfc chelseafc so from the shirt drogba and mikel are playing heading to the olde ship for some good old fashioned football. cfcwembleydafuq rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with itbig performance needed from hendo n spearing in the midfield today .. come on boy you can do it .. u play for moment like this at lfccome on cfc i have the same shirt a robbie fowler is wearing. i feel blessed. bestplayerever lfcsagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it. via johncrossmirrorrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl your winerthe facup with budweiser.rt itvfootball watch live facupfinal between chelsea and liverpool is on air now on itv1 and online here cfc ..rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..robbie fowler still look about 15 facupwow just found out that at every single facup final they sing the hymn abide with me today the gospel will be sung in a soccer stadium this is my friend xacho7 a cfc fan it s cup final day lfc lfcfamily rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt jimmyjonesjr have a mega day at the cup final tomorrow simon_aeglive. i m absolutely devastated i can t be there. lfc ynwa kieranwhite2 so do i lol arsenal will drop without him. and i will love every minute of it lol cfcwembleysoo nervous lfcrt officialsf1team wishing all the best to chelseafc in the facupfinal wembley let s get the trophy this is what happens when it facupfinal cfc lfc rt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..rt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa rt ilovegalfcx ew i feel sick just kick off already lfc facupfinalat wembley cfcwembley rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl c mon you reds. liverpool facup andrews_steven i fear drogba out of all of them he seems to finish well against u although he hasn t scored this season facupfinal chelseafc i have never been more confident cfc all the way ktbffh comeonyoubluesrt nouragha 30kth tweet in hope the legend that is john terry lift the fa cup today. cfcrt orlawalay all road lead to wembley lfc cfc rt arturpetrosyan lfc line-up for the final reina - johnson skrtel agger jose enrique - spearing henderson gerrard downing - bellamy ..cant wait till 5 15 come on liverpool facupfinalrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt tommyhull_lfc hopefully this is the way the team will look today. lfc might have a wee kip before the facupfinal johncrossmirror blimey. ouch.rt thierryvpbaboon wallasekatt kolo_martin ollyted marshallsheldon paws crossed liverpool do better savebytheskinofyurfur ars ..rt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..rt kabar_chelsea rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl that s one bet gone l let s hope the next three come in for 505.94 113.60 and 34 cfcdennis wise - ooh that wa one dirty cunt in his day . used to make for an interesting game though . cfc facupfinalnow the nerve and excitement begin to settle.. lfc facupfinalrt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl sagna will miss the euros via johncrossmirror i dont expect dowing sorry..his inside-drive is very effective.but that s all.he doesnt have a skill of scoring.we need attacker lfcrt chelseayouth rt liverpoolyouths lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hend. down. gerrard bellamy suarez. ..i ll record amp watch when i can facup johncrossmirror gutted for mr reliable.to win a 15 free bet tell u the first scorer in cfc v lfc amp the minute of the goal. to enter - tweet u my oddschangercombo is __ rtenough for half red - half blue torres avatar. i m all blue today and forever cfc facuprt olumide_b_waite rt cirdaveian chelseafc in the green man ready for what could be cfcwembley ofcourse rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with itrt mario_aquilina lfc to play with quick break and high pressure. 4-3-3. carroll been playing well but we d need to change system to ..rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezroumours about this lfc team tonight reina johnson skrtel agger enrique henderson spearo gerrard downing bellamy suarez lfcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt seputar_lfc lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard bellamy suarez downing. via duncanjenkinsfc i want to watch the fa cup bit i can t cause i have got to go to work boohoo liverpool lfc lfcwembley facupfinalif the rumour are true am i the only one that think jay spearing is absolute toilet and should be nowhere near that starting 11 lfcin the stadium..come you red men facupfinal sad rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it danndanishdann rt joojambol never walk alone lfc rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl sagna has a fucking broken fibula gutted for him. out of euros obviously. via johncrossmirror banging out some classic oasis en route to wembley..rock amp roll star coyb cfcwembleyi wish lfc the very best in today facup finals. a triumph over cfc will crown my day on a positive note. footballthats what we call history ynwa lfcdenise wise sound like a broken robot. facuprt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..ouch rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with itrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl oohkay im going to get ready for the game now then watch some pre-match thing on tv. cmoon redss facupfinalbig day for lfc today bring home the cup boy facup wembleycup final day liverpoolfc neverwalkalone facup cupdouble rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt makivic08 didier drogba ha scored in all 7 of his semi-final and final appearance at wembley. cfcrt stephenmoring i m pissed in north london and a the local say i m laaving it . lfc. facup. wereonthemarchwithkenn ..rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt seputar_lfc lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard bellamy suarez downing. via duncanjenkinsfc rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl the build up ha started cfctheres something quite idealistic about seeing red v blue on a football pitch facuprt joeshaw92 facup today.. hope chelsea fuck the scouse twat over. torres hat trick hahahah imaginert seputar_lfc lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard bellamy suarez downing. via duncanjenkinsfc  emstweets31 lfc you better get a few more of those corona in em you are gonna need them to drown your sorrow come 7pm xsagna broken fibula. misses euros. same leg a at tottenham via johncrossmirrorfucking hell rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it skysports skysports_ed gnev2 why wa afc v ncfc played at 12 45 and not on skysports you can t use the facup final a an excuse..rt ilovegalfcx ew i feel sick just kick off already lfc facupfinalaarrgh rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with itrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro .. cm_11 ciarankelly20 mattym_official missing out on eugene 4 a major pool final is depressing only a pool win wil cure me lfc ynwart terenceeley lfc team v chelsea - confirmed reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suar ..plastic scousers of clapham.. the celery man is coming. celery cfc facuprt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..they re selling flag scarf hat and badge outside the jolly miller so don t worry if you ve left yours in the house lfctoday s our day ynwa lfc tylajaynee haha we will see who lift the trophy later on then chelseafcrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..cung rt abetwithin retweet if you want chelsea to win the fa cup final cfc thegouldfather disgraceful. last yr wa co of cl final what s the fa s excuse this time money money money tradition facup pusb yeah rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cuprt dj_jase_g today s team reina jonno skrtel agger enrique. hendo spearing gerrard bellamy suarez downing lfc lfc nervously awaiting the final at copenhagen airport rt terenceeley lfc team v chelsea - confirmed reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez.nervous starting to worry now. i m just not a good watcher of football. come on lfcrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..chelsea 1 - liverpool 3 rt grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc lt lt lt lt lt lt lt lt predict facupfinal rumoured team if that line ups rite downing better ave a fuckin great game n be involved frm the off 2day ynwa lfcfamilycome on lfc we must win this facupfinal but chelsea will be a hard task to overcome ynwa chelseafcrt timbuffalo chelsea fc v liverpool fc facupfinal rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl  johncrossmirror it s the same mistake all season and we haven t learnt a thing cfc come on i love cup final day rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl oh fds rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with itrt cmcculloch torres used to be class for us. i forgot. shame really lfcrt cfcstuff ashley cole s next appearance will be his 250th start for chelsea. cfc rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl we got fernando you got a gypo cfc lfc2 hour remain before kick off facupfinal chelseafc gangofginband yes we are playing the liquidator clap clap clap clap chelsea  chelseafc very nice rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off  facup final lfc v chelseafcthe build up to the game is taking the mick facupfinalhope torres will play n score this time chelseafc facupfinal1 tweetchelseafc poll who would you like to see start today 1 drogba. 2 torres. 3 drogba amp torres. cfc facup good starting 11 duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez oo yes perakian my predict cfc win tonight rt niesalovalova keep the blue flag flying high cfc  andrewcollins80 leaving for wembley nervous but pretty sure we can do it comeonyoublues cfcwembley ktbffh wembleykingsrt terenceeley lfc team v chelsea - confirmed reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suar ..sagna broken fibula miss euros.same leg a at tottenham he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it via johncrossmirror afc arsenalso djtrevornelson cfc wat u think ur gonna loose by for today facupfinal lolrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl if that s the lfc team i m very worried about our midfield. i would play kelly kuyt maxi or jonjo instead of spearing and hendo.rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezcome on then chelsea chelseafc preparing for the facupfinal by not watching the ridiculous hour of coverage beforehand an hour is sufficient even for a diehard lfc fanrt hillsboroughanf if anyone can help lfc with the story of these tile please let the team at the lfc museum know misshanks ..rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl come blue you can beat red chiayoo chelseafclineups are confirmed lfccan t wait 4 kick off. comeonyoumightyblues facup chelsea chelsea to win the facuprt chelseafc rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off the 11 5 liverpool to win in 90 minute ha all been taken up we re now 19 10. chelsea 6 4 amp the draw 21 10 facup 6 1 it go to penalty leehaynesuk do i watch the facup final on espn or itv like choosing between severe toothache or a migraine. both will be painful rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl ya can shove ya plastic flag up yer arse ya can shove ya plastic flag shove ya plastic flag shove ya plastic flag up yer arse lfc fifa_final agree rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cup fifa_final take your pick fa cup final cfc lfc fifa_final love the fan on lfc tv we re gonna do torres today kick im in and batter him like ya know what i mean lfcsagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it via johncrossmirroron my way to wembley. come on u blues. facupfinal chelseafcit s liverpool s day facupfinali loved dennis wise when i wa a teenager and i still love him now he doesnt look any older cfcwah ramudeng gt rt rakawicak bango fan bilang the blues. edwinorkpsp bring on the blues rt rekisetyawan it s facupfinal day rt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..we re ready for a beautifully blue day chelsea cfc a few hour facup final liverpool ynwart donbreach never ha there been a man le deserving of his job.. adrian chiles itv why adrianchiles facup johncrossmirror did wenger give an interview to the beeb after linekar etcgo on then fernando glad he s back from a football point of view cfc can t be having liverpool winningliverpool tid lfc facupfinalwouldn t mind robbie9fowler god being up front of u today what a player he wa to lfcrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl  rjs8337 facup lost it magic no build up no fa cup song where is the anfieldrap lfc check this photo out on via pixablei don t know who i want to win the football. i ve been totally split by chelsea and liverpool facuprt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt nouragha 30kth tweet in hope the legend that is john terry lift the fa cup today. cfcenders clan fully kitted lfc rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl cannot believe carroll isn t starting lfcrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl nervous but buzzing for the final. come on liverpool ynwa lfcgetting too excited come on chelseafc rt seputar_lfc lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard bellamy suarez downing. via duncanjenkinsfc aftr 1-0 loss lfc head 2 wembley 4d fa cup finals. 2day d side will face rampart cfc who r willin 2tke d cup home wd no pity on lfcrt aj1892 lmfao you seen the this drogba terry hahahah lfc fucking all day hahahah rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl lfc starting lineup reina johnson skrtel agger enrique henderson spearing gerrard bellamy suarez downing lfc facup2012 facupfinalliverpool v chelsea for the facupfinal ynwafirst glimpse of it wembley cfc rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezgetting nervous about the final praying torres ha an off day facup facupfinal come on chelseart samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl  facup tha last three final played by cfc have featured goal by didier aderogba drogba. who is likely to be included in tha starting xi.being a blow-up scouser for the facupfinal hatechelsea hatejohnterry .. foreverarsenal johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it very sad  johncrossmirror that s sad.rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off prediction time. cfc v lfc retweets for correct score cum on chels chelseafcseriously nervous. lfcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  shaun_lunt hope liverpool win today mightyreds facupfinal cum on chelsea rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt danwalkerbbc kenny dalglish ha never lost to chelsea a a manager - 13 game in total lfc cfc facupfinal statcom n lfc 1love lt 3my stomach is turning somersault waiting for the football to start come on chelsea ktbffh utc facupfinal chelseafcrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl tough cookie johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt adidasuk t-minus two hours.. takethestage facupfinal rt joeheard1 39 year a go today at this time - porterfield safc facuprt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. itvfootball 7 thing you should know about chelseafc manager roberto di matteo facup emma_lfc whatever the team is should just support them. maybe not be what you want in starting 11 but move on lfc ynwa  peeps johnterry rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl  chelseafc are we wearing our new kit 2daycome on you red lfc facupron yeates and ian rush two legend lfcrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl  danialism watching the game tonight facupfinalrt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezfootball time.. i support none of these team but 2day i will support ah mann errmm lfc amp cfcrt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa .. wembley is a lucky place for downing. his best match wa carling cup final. maybe lightning will strike twice. lfc facuprt seputar_lfc lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard bellamy suarez downing. via duncanjenkinsfc rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl the blue flag should flying high at wembley today cfcrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl damn i wa hoping andy townsend would ve on holiday today. or sacked. facup faseehab altaafsayed dashy_ashy imraanf200 lfc_joker nasvat therealcraigs shafiksarang muhammed_riaz ziyaad_lfc hell yeah lfcrt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe .. egolitious nothing s gonna top last week though either way saintsfc facupfinalrt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezjohn barnes talk so much sense lfc signing need time. not often that everything click over night.rt real_ash_lfc chelsea fan wavin the sun at liverpool fan horrible bastard lfccmon you mighty reds lfc let have this cup ynwart arsenal_holic46 sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it. via j ..jam brp ma final rt irmaardanissa rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro .. robbiesavage8 robbie fowler ha put on a fair bit of suet facuprt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  lfc ynwa come on boys. win this ready for screaming loud chelseafcrt seputar_lfc lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard bellamy suarez downing. via duncanjenkinsfc rt ziyaad_lfc lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez. facupfinal y ..just landed in town let the party begin lfcrt paulrogerslfc the kid poster on our minibus facupfinal lfc rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl chelsea winning nothing this season lfcfancy lfc for a win today and stevie g first goal betup cupkingsrt barcalista7 steven gerrard suarez showed that he s a world-class player. at the moment i wouldn t swap luis for anyone in the wor ..very decent team rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez  chelseafc whose are all those orange boot lol rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..cc d_yinka rt jamiedalton82 rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he .. rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it adidasuk to the kopites out there rt this now lfc fan v chelseafc fan facupfinal takethestage wewillkopyou umark7 a real lfc fan would be at wembley today indodagger5 though your dream be tossed and blown walk on walk on with hope in your heart and ynwa wem8ley lfcrt terenceeley lfc team v chelsea - confirmed reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suar .. gullitr let them know ruud freakinsweet85 ha different ambition for his beloved lfc either way it should be a hell of a matchrt goonernish sagna has a fucking broken fibula gutted for him. out of euros obviously. via johncrossmirror rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl  garylineker the itv coverage ha nothing on match of the day usually love the hour of build up on the bbc. today not so much. facupfinalrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro .. oddsocks18 lol prefer chelsea to win a live in merseyside so would not notice them if lfc win will go on and on and on and on etcrt timbuffalo chelsea fc v liverpool fc facupfinal rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez. samgrif wee jay  cfcstuff john terry will make his 50th fa cup appearance at wembley on saturday. cfcrt 3adool94 didier drogba ha scored in every fa cup final that he s played in and ha come out victorious on every occasion. cfcin the torch. lfc djrazor might ave a bet on facupfinal not sure who to put my money on tho any idea you know maanrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again this season of the barclays premier league ha been mad fa pl mufc mcfc afc thfc cfcrt umbro to win signed andy carroll speciali boot just rt this message before the end of today s facup rt 1d_niallators liverpool v chelsea gonna be a good game d come on chelsea cfcrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt wsaledirectfurn don t want either of these to lift the cup but going for chelsea only to see smarmy daglish make a twat of himsel .. johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..wishes my little gerrard a happy 1st birthday. lfc empireofthekop .. it a omen for the cup final come on lfc xx rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl gonna try to study now. chelsea you ll be in my prayer chelseafc rt seputar_lfc duncanjenkinsfc lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard bellamy suarez downing.rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt veronkatoporova rt nouragha 30kth tweet in hope the legend that is john terry lift the fa cup today. cfchaving a cup of coffee. reacharing my mind for facup match. may da grate liverpool winrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl i thought carra would start due to his sub in the last match. but sketel and bellamy are definitely better choices. come on red lfcrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..come on you reds lfc facup fb lfc xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard downing bellamy suarez  johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it unluckydennis wise forehead hasna got any smaller facupfinalgood luck to lfc today come on you mightyredmen bring that trophy home ynwa justiceforthe96 samuelj29060 johncrossmirror oh god. i feel for him. a massive player at arsenal. he ll be sorely missed again.while i couldn t possibly guess the lfc team yer man duncanjenkinsfc might have a clue. thanks for the reminder everyone rt ppoffers sst.listen liverpool to lift the fa cup 3 1 pricegasm lfcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  dazb100 the history of the club speaks for itself lfchate em both but i got my money on the blue taking the trophy 2-1 cfcwho win the facupfinal today my favorite team lfc besides crew96 or the in form chelsea common you reds waiting for the fa cup final.. ynwa lfcrt espntvuk the first fan are filtering into the stadium ready for the facupfinal rt anfieldonline wembley 3 time in a year and could still be 4 times. long live the king trophy lfcrt liverpoolyouths lfc xi v chelsea reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez. ..rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl hope to see my fellow newfoundland liverpool fan down at the duke this afternoon to watch the big game do it lfc ynwa facupfinalrt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl ready for this chelsea fa cup final at 12 facupfinal chelseafcwhatever happens liverpool should not lift the cup. i hate liverpool a much a i love arsenal. so this time i support chelsea. facuprt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl i m saying torres first scorer if he s starting that is facupfinalinshallah lfc will win the final.rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl ooh johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  collinsfabien mediamk lfc wanaitwa thereds only. reddevils is the one and only manchesterunited lt sawa sawa liverpool finally finished work showered and off out now facupfinal lfc philcorlett ma amp pa out so taking advantage of espn amp wide screen shirts on beer chilled stomachs churning lfcvery hipster coverage on itv facup - just had lcd soundsystem s losing my edge play over a clip of torres decline in form sarahlg88rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt lfc we re on our way to wembley we shall not be moved.. lfc fan at the m6 services wouldn t mind a liverpool win world class team lfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt jamesward99 massive game comeonyoureds lfcffs rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..on my way to the sport bar nowplaying ynwa lfcrt chelseafanscol we re gonna make this a blue day we re gonna make wembley a blue stadium cfcwembley cfcpics chelseafc ..rt rated_r_dave the nerve of the fa cup final are kicking in i really hope today is a blue day believe cfcfor all those in town for the facupfinal with nowhere to go we are open and playing the game live and loudchelsea v liverpool facupfinal. come chelsea rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl until lfc confirm the starting line up i m gonna keep praying that carrolls in it 4th fa cup final in 6yrs cfccant wait for the facupfinal come on chelsea cfcrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt officialcfcnet prediction time. cfc v lfc retweets for correct score cum on chels chelseafcrt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with itrt umbro to win signed andy carroll speciali boot just rt this message before the end of today s facup rt liverpool rt thurman_ms liverpool go get them red delvano lfc rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl mm drogba to score first and liverpool to win 2-1. 130 1. i ve seen the future. facuprt conallmcd never thought i d say this. just for today you ll never walk alone facupfinalits fact lfc don t lose when i wear this jersey come on the red ynwa big day for the blue facup fresh chelseafcrt redisticwear about 2 hour to go facupfinal lfc wembleyjust seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl i m predicting a torres goal today. who d thought anyone would predict that a few month ago facupall of the pundit on itvs fa cup final coverage sound bored out of their brains. bring back des lynam facupfinalrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl fuck off chelsea fc you ain t got no history 5 european cup ad 18 league that s what we call history lfc cfcrt terenceeley lfc team v chelsea - confirmed reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suar ..fa cup final fast approaching. hoping liverpool can clinch the double. lfc ynwatelegraph fa cup final chelsea v liverpool live lfcrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..off to the pub with matcrawshaw and the rent facupfinal rt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..expecting firework later. com on reds lfc ynwart chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl arrgghh hate the build up too stressful lfc facupfinal come on the mighty reds laurtaylor no u will not. lfcrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..i agree with a 3 man midfield but i also want carroll on the pitch lfci d hate to be cainkunman today a i d be missing the facup final gutted ohwell not like cfc are gunna win anyway coyrwe re here in rusebarlondon already and it s rammed with reds comeontheredmen lfc ynwart samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro .. koinangejeff i hear some suarez chant at the back of my mind what about you facupfinalrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe .. lfc facupfinal liverpool v chelsea - liverpool will have a hard challenge but we must have the heart to succeed and win rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl here we go burger facup ynwa  facup is on tv so we are watching dumbo i get the feeling i don t control the remote in the house anymore rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cupcan t wait for the match to begin lfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..after cricket all set for soccer facup  madscouser72 ha ha. lumby ha been resting in lumby towers and will set off shortly. whereslumby facupfinalrt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with ityou ll never walk alone lfc rt hillsboroughanf gates are open at anfield. fitting backdrop in local cafe window lfc misshanks wembley 3 time in a year and could still be 4 times. long live the king trophy lfcgetting ready for the big match .. lfc come on you red rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl rt real_ash_lfc chelsea fan wavin the sun at liverpool fan horrible bastard lfcrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..glad to see bellamy starting if that team that s floating around is right. was hoping it would be him v. bosingwa today. lfcrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl hard-fi are the headline act prior to kick-off at the facup final. is jas mann from babylon zoo presenting the trophy  heffy14 having seen the team. am fully confident we ll smash them lfcrt espntvuk the first fan are filtering into the stadium ready for the facupfinal home time getting so nervous now for the football lfc frankiesloan lfc happy birthday frankie laa hurry up and start facup lfc ynwa where you all getting this team news from .. lfc mattlawexpress villa are pant anyway.don expect anything.rt naziho_torres9 robert di matteo is going to have the toughest decision choosing the perfect line up for tonight inrdmwetrust cfcme amp seth are ready..ynwa facup chelsea best win against liverpool y cfcand i have beer. facupfinalrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl crap .. why do i feel so worked up about today facup lfc ynwart davestanleylfc fuck off chelsea fc you aint got no history 5 european cups and 18 league now that what i call history ynwa facu .. kazecul tarabaskara mbintanghp it is a double for king kenny and the red army. may the blue bleed red ynwa lfccrushing. rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with itrt mooninanfield rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played ..rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt dankennett lfc 34th time at wembley today 23rd involving dalglish. king. via livechonews rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl where to watch chelsea v liverpool cfcrt drserven sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it.via johncross ..robbie fowler - one of my all time favourite . great character nice lad funny a fuck . such an amazing player in his day lfc itv doing my head in with all these advert facup.looking to calm pre-match nerve read our exclusive interview with carra lfc facuprt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt officialsf1team wishing all the best to chelseafc in the facupfinal wembley let s get the trophy rt timbuffalo chelsea fc v liverpool fc facupfinal guess who between stevie g and jamie carra and pepe reina amazing lfc.thought i wa watching god-tv.. but then i realised it robbie fowler talking about today s game on itv-hd facupfinal lfc matchdayrt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl chelsea fan for the day cfc lfcrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..not sure i can be bothered watching a mid table clash.. facup fbhave my own facup tradition itv sound off radio on.rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl looking to calm pre-match nerve read our exclusive interview with carra lfc facuprt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl good luck lfc ynwalooking to calm pre-match nerve read our exclusive interview with carra lfc facupryan babel sent off for hoffenheim guess he really wanted to see lfc win the facupfinal liverpool team to play chelsea reina johnson skrtel agger enrique bellamy henderson gerrard downing suarez carroll facup lfcliverpool to win on penalty today facupfinalrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl come on chelsea chelseafc we ll be chempions.  robbie9fowler fuckin strangle that little rat robbie can t stand tha bellend lfc 2 cfc 1hoping for a class game in the facupfinal today hope chelsea win though i cannot stand liverpool rt espntvuk pitchside for espn craig burley gus poyet rebecca lowe john barnes and kevin keegan facupfinal guardian fa cup final chelsea v liverpool - live lfc johncrossmirror feel really sorry for sagna. great player and ha only just come back from injury.home to watch the red men make u proud soon.. lfcrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl chelsea who did you beat go lfc suarez cc svarela_rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt lollipop_za my lfc boy robbie fowler part of itv pundit team loving the banter lfc itv1 facupfinalshelvey give u more optionsgoing forward would have prefered him to start. cmon the redmen. we need this facupfinal ynwadamn rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with itrt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with itwell here we are having climbed a mountain to get to our seats. wembley facupfinal  mrjimmycorkhill lfc what ya prediction jimbo ladrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl outside the chelsea pub absolutely rammed getting in to it now cfcwembley cfcchelseafc rt cirdaveian chelseafc in the green man ready for what could be cfcwembley i really don t enjoy cup final day with lfc bagofnervesf.a. cup final in two hours. i haven t been this nervous anxious in a really long time. lfcrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..chelsea to win 2-0..serious predicting cfc facupfinalrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl wonder if dalglish will actually wear a suit to this cup final facuplet s hope tonight s facupfinal is entertaining. carling cup final have been better every season since the move back to wembley in 07.rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl suarez is gonna get a few today am feeling it lfcrt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl hope chelsea smash those scouser today cfcrt neeno_brown leaving for wembley nervous but pretty sure we can do it cfccan t wait until the big game in a few hour 100 a blue today comeonchelsea facupfinalwembley is filling slowly and look rather beautiful a always looking forward to the facupfinal come on chelsea cfcwembley xchelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl rt anfieldonline wembley 3 time in a year and could still be 4 times. long live the king trophy lfcsome great liverpool flag for the fa cup final lfc facupfinal rawk i don t know which team i hate the most confused facupfinal facup final is few hour away. i m so excited i don t say this often but come on chelsea i fucking hate liverpool facup lol denzel8179rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro .. lfc facupfinal liverpool v chelsea - a second cup win for kenny dalglish will give him more time on the job so no pressure kenny rt talksport former liverpool captain say league position is more important than cup win lfcrt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl  officialcfcnet 9 year old son say cfc 2 lfc 1 he s even gone a far a mata and torress for cfc and carrol for lfc ktbffhrt officialsf1team wishing all the best to chelseafc in the facupfinal wembley let s get the trophy  jamiedalton82 it wa the same leg broken twicelove how ian rush is from wales and ha a scouse accent haha lfcchelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl off to town to find a pub with the game on. shouldn t be difficult.. lfcrt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl lfc just arrived at wembley so we going in lfcrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl t minus 90 minute til kick off. time for some club wembley lunch poshfootball facup i hope torres score against his former club tonight. chelsea facup cfcsagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it via johncrossmirror.rt seputar_lfc lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard bellamy suarez downing. via duncanjenkinsfc rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..less than 2 hour to go.. come on chelsea cfcwhen it rain chelsea always wins.. let s do this blues chelsea chelsea chelsea facup championsrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirror afcchelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl let s win this for the 96 lfc lfcfamily lfcfollowback ynwa facupi immediately regret my decision to wear a red hoodie shirt up in london today.. facupfinal cfc lfcfry up at spoon then walkabout for the final absolutely buzzing come on lfc ynwart newsliverpool fa cup final chelsea v liverpool live lfcc mon chelsea beat up liverpool tosay i know you can win and lift the fa cup chelsea til i die cfc .. rt terenceeley lfc team v chelsea - confirmed reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suar .. cfc come on let great that trophyrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt lfcreddit anyone in boston going to phoenix landing reddit lfcrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..red or blue facuprt paulair rumoured - reina johnson skrtel agger enrique henderson spearing gerrard bellamy downing suarez. lfccan t wait for the final thefacup ynwa lfc cfcwembley facupfinal chelseafc chelseafanscol from colombia un blue ma rt shakirzaulkifli tak sabar facup final chelsea v liverpool live at wembley stadium. may the best team win cfc ynwart espntvuk if you want to win the lfc luis suarez shirt head to lfc facupfinal antoho11and love fa cup final day especially when we re in it come on chelsea cfcme too rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cuprt chelseafc the player are out training in front of the medium ahead of the fa cup final tomorrow. cfcwembley sl rt chrisjenkins92 come on the reds lfc facup chelsea to beat the scouser today. chelseafcrt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl c mon the pool.. facupfinal ynwathere should be a 2-minute long applause before every game john terry play with 2 cracked rib inside his chest. cfci hope gerrard suarez and bellamy score tonight lfc liverpool redmanjay i intend to when we whoop your red butt cfc xddrt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl  chelseafc chelsearumours thumbs up for the chels cfc  johncrossmirror good for england though nice bottle job from your lot today..could be arsenal cheering on bayern..could long way to gogo chelsea -1 hours again ktbffh cfcbuzzing for football come on liverpool ynwa facuprt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off  lfc hope lfc can get a second champion oh god i am so nervous lfcrt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl happy with lfc team today facup facupfinal countdowntokickoff 1 hour 38 minute to go  zibbz24 - lets have it today double lfccome on cfcrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl  lucasleiva87 getting excited for the big game now any chance of a rt lfc jamiedalton82 he got a broken leg thats incredibly unlucky. such an amazing player too. really will be a miss for u next season then.rt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcmissing the facup final because ill be on my way to work hopefully tracey will have it on so i can watch second halfliverpool fan on lfc tv we dont need are club to give out flag we bring are own lfcitv football is to pre big match entertainment that daybreak wa to breakfast telly..ruined by adrian chiles facupfinalrt anfieldonline wembley 3 time in a year and could still be 4 times. long live the king trophy lfc chelseafc bought a new chelsea top just for this matchh truebluedefinitely on north form today defending home territory on principle. north v south red v blue lfcrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl  lfc ready to bring the fa cup home y.n.w.aalways a good day facupfinal day summers definitely nearly here or is it . facupfinal just not de same without united in it rest of de team boring a fuck shouting for chelsea anyway fuckliverpoolrt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl ian porterfield 5th may 1973 facup porterfieldrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt chelseayouth rt liverpoolyouths lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hend. down. gerrard bellamy suarez. ..rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt terenceeley lfc team v chelsea - confirmed reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suar ..rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro .. lfc facupfinal liverpool v chelsea - rt if you want liverpool to win  facupfinal fully expect drog to start and torres on bench. love to see them paired but cup final is not the time to trial it robbie9fowler dirk_18_kuyt charlie26adam lfc stelfc92 lucasleiva87 happy cup final day ynwa come and watch the fa cup live on our big screen from 4pm show this tweet for 20 off nottingham facup fatcat20 rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl come on liverpool put them disrespectful plastic fan waving southern cunt to the sword jft96 lfci would like torres to score the winner for chelsea facupmatchday fa cup finale liverpool - chelsea alsin lfc voetbal praatmee livche rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl rt mohammadtyo go chelsea -1 hours again ktbffh cfcnoo ais_bdg ooh johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it rt chelseafc ahead of tomorrow s facupfinal you can watch today s press conference live here from approx 12 45pm ..rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..not a fan of carroll but will behind him 110 today. come on mate prove me wrong. come on you red men lfcrt miss_delahoyde nervous already come on boy do u proud fuck them inbread scouser up cfc blueisthecolour comeonthechels facup ..bait drink cup final comeontheredmen facup chelseafc i presume that s drogba s section with the 8 pair of boot lined up and waiting prt chelseafc rdm hail the ambition and experience of his squad and mark the birmingham replay out a a key game in the run. cfc wem ..honestly wayne amp garth could do better than this. and that s despite them probably not knowing football facuptime to save the season good luck lad lucasleiva87 luis16suarez mr11ok sebastiancoates ynwa lfc chelsea di maa di y is the game only on itv i don t wanna listen watch the worst presenter ever ruined adrian child plz piss off lfc facupfinalrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro .. johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it just great. dreynolds9 how the fuck is carroll not starting lfc he absolutely brutal rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..blue is the colour. cfc till midnight see you guy rt ahmadfshl nobar lfc w andikajd triyadikss ichwanlfc foodfest rt chelseafc champions league ticket update in full cfctix cfc sl reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez not confirmed yet .dennis wise wanker facup wasteman johncrossmirror poor poor man. so undeserving of such bad luck. i hope he recovers well.pregame thought for the facup. and now off to the bar at 1030 am. what a morning. are leeds playing today espn have mentioned u load aswell a wise fowler and poyet on itv an espn werenotfamousanymore lufc facupfinalrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro .. nickslobodyanyk chelseafc a u look too cute with your top backwards u look so happy rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..why would itv think people want to listen to robbie fowler and denis wise facupespn or itv who to watch facuprt ais_bdg ooh johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played ..rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcgo chelsea go facuprt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg he broke against spurs. he wa kicked on the leg and played on..  liverpooifcnews score prediction facupfinal lfc 2 cfc 1rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl dalglish said that he think silverware make up for a poor league finish. wonder if portsmouth feel the same. facupfinal bbcfootballrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl  lfc reminds me of me rushing 2 get into the ground n the carling cup final.sweet memory it w ld be sweeter if we take the cup back homert samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt anfieldonline wembley 3 time in a year and could still be 4 times. long live the king trophy lfcrt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl goodluck lfc ynwa2 hour of build up don t mind if i do itv facup lfc. luckybottleofbeerrt ais_bdg ooh johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played ..rt chelseafc ha a new blogger all the way from asia.. read the view from the far east stand ..rt chelseafc lots of the player have just been speaking with the medium ahead of tomorrow s cup final. cfcwembley sl  chelseafc my blood so blue because there is in my heart gloryglorychelsea rt danwalkerbbc kenny dalglish ha never lost to chelsea a a manager - 13 game in total lfc cfc facupfinal stat just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl come on u blue big game cfcgot my finger crossed for the mighty red today. facupfinalhope the facupfinal is entertaining today rt carefreechronic there should be a 2-minute long applause before every game john terry play with 2 cracked rib inside his chest. cfcrt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl  ryanbabel sent off for hoffenheim. i guess he really wanted to see lfc beat cfc in the facupfinal drt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl come on chelsea. you gotta bring home the glory. cfc fbrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..this is shitty johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. was kicked on the leg and played on with it liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez. lfc chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl come on chelsea chelseafc cfcwembley facupfinal rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..go liverpool facuprt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..c mon you mighty reds an hour till kick-off.. lfc ynwart chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa final lfcrt chelseafc he say the cl final is not in our thought and say he ha a tough selection issue over drogba and torres cfc wembley sl big thing a gwan. bring dem on. cfc fa chelseafc the match is gonna end chelsea 3-2 liverpoolfrom stamford brigde to wembley ..will keep the blue flag flying high.. cfcnot starting with carroll is a mistake. if we re losing by 60mins and then he make an appearance i rate our chance a slim. lfcc mon chelsea let s ave these horrible bin dipper cfclong day at scotland rugby league trials in leigh with marklyon1990 now some much needed rest up until the facupfinal getthebeveragesinrt jamesdpaton to win signed andy carroll speciali boot just rt this message before the end of today s facup why doe the facup have such a long build up just for the final rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..at the melbliverpoolsa in my lovefollowconqr gear ready for an lfc victory. go you red men..big al s for the cup final cfccome on chelsea facupfinalrt adidasuk newsflash we ve got a signed chelseafc shirt up for grab ahead of today s all-adidas facupfinal showdown.. ..rt anfieldonline wembley 3 time in a year and could still be 4 times. long live the king trophy lfcmy blood is blue god love u john terry s army match on to glory chelseafc is the best team in europegetting a bit nervous cfcwembley facupfinalplz can chelsea destoy liverpool today. torres for another hatrick facuprt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl my son is ready for his first fa cup cc chelseafc facupfinal cfc rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..amazing stat of stamford bridge epl average attendence 33 736 stamford bridge 41k fact keep the blues in their home cfcit all come down to this no champion league but 2 cup would be a great finish. come on reds facupfinal liverpoolfcrt daxhoogy y is the game only on itv i don t wanna listen watch the worst presenter ever ruined adrian child plz piss off ..if chelsea win im gettin locked tonight lfcfa cup final at noon. quivering w antici..pation. come on you reds ynwa lfcrt thelonetweet rt if you re supporting lfc today facupfinalrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..flicking between the facupfinal build up and the girod italia don t know which one to watch morei think so too. cfc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cup rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off  chelseafc wish i wa at wembley to support the super chelsea cfcon the way to town with mum girlyweekend day2 lfcthat game of guess who look awesome facupfinal itvas much a i hate lfc id love nothing more than for them to beat chelsea today hateterry southernmugsrt tomkinslow crushing. rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and ..rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl rt chelseastats cfc have only lost one of their last 33 fa cup match excluding penalty shootout defeat . facupfinal via optajoe .. rudebwoy100 davegordon1 marlieboy76 realhitmandj funstamc djprofile theenkay mcremadee futureboundlfc let s have it today lad lfcthe lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez -- ad affatheadsniper stancollymorewho s the referee lfc facup5pm irvin1gh wot time is the cfc match seff rt espntvuk the first fan are filtering into the stadium ready for the facupfinal wearing redjersey lfc in my bloodrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt umbro to win signed andy carroll speciali boot just rt this message before the end of today s facup have they discussed whose more racist in the build up yet facup comeonyoublues cfcwembley facupfinal timlovejoy chelseafc i hope torres score 2 today torres torres torres torres hahago chelsea go chelsea go chelsea must win rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting .. rt georgagutierrez i would like torres to score the winner for chelsea facupchelsea chelsea chelsea chelsea.. we re gonna make this a blue day blueday cc chelseafc ciscjogja chelseafanidchelsea shirt on. pre match build up on the box. -i m going for a high scoring game a 4-2 chelsea win. comeonblues - facupfinalrt chelseafc both david luiz and gary cahill are ruled out of tomorrow s game cfc wembley sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  tallestmessiah bros make una just free the cup for us..ok facupfinalrt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare .. facupfinal come on liverpool wembley with the boy in blue. come on the chels cfc emmak67 that s not true don t believe it wearenotracist weonlyhatemancs lfc ynwa redmenrt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare .. cfcwembley .. champions gws sagna rt ais_bdg ooh johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kickedrt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with itrt bayourchelseafc rt veronkatoporova rt nouragha 30kth tweet in hope the legend that is john terry lift the fa cup today. cfc lfc come on you red 2-0 to liverpool today. ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off woow im your fan chelsea rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with itboom. at wembley. again. come on redmen. lfcrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..can t wait facupfinal chelsea vs liverpool. cfcwembley ktbffhrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt chelseafc it s facupfinal day and is there a better feeling than another cfcwembley day feeling confident blues fan sl  jamiedalton82 good for debuchy thentoday is the day we lift the cup cfc ktbffh facupfinalrt mrjakehumphrey shh..surely no-one will notice if i borrow it for my mantelpiece will they.. facupfinal  henocmukendi93 rt if u think lfc will win the fa cup. chelseafc cfcwembley outside wembley. come on you blue ktbffh at luccyhodgson s pad watching the build up to the big game lfc comeonliverpool chelseafc follow me because i bought a new chelsea top just for this game truebluert gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..tonight we are scouse so we set wembley on fire we can burn brighter than chelsea scum lfc ynwart chelseafc yossibenayoun15 happy birthday yossi hope you re tuning into the facupfinal after your game cfc sl  chelseafc we want the cuprt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cupif spearing play hope he ha a good facupfinal lfc johncrossmirror but we ll make the same mistake in the next match we can t expect to win by having to score 2 or 3 goal per game. afcbloody disgrace that facup is now played before the end of the entire season used to be enjoyed by all fan a neutral stancollymorert samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro .. amitlfc wear all 3 on top of each other. lol lfc ynwa facupfinalrt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n .. empireofthekop lfc best of luck to liverpool today we hope they lift the cup from the lad officiallv maraslfc how nervous are you facupfinalrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa fa cup final aiming for the double chelseafcrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..come on chelseafc cfc wembley facupfinal andrews_steven fucking hell good stat that but i feel we have the edge on them interesting facupfinal wembley is a bluei ll fly there in my mind rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro .. johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it this new wembley seems a lot smaller than the old one. facuprt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt anfieldonline wembley 3 time in a year and could still be 4 times. long live the king trophy lfcoh dear united good luck at wembleyrt anfieldonline wembley 3 time in a year and could still be 4 times. long live the king trophy lfc gammon25 chelseafc mata first goal 2-1 is the bet bring in 70 wembleykings saltofdworld this rain sha..i hope it s not raining at wembley o i i don t want any excuse facupfinalactually getting excited about the game tonight facupfa cup time soon. what are your prediction people i m going 2-1 chelsea. boxxy91 will be pleased with that cfc lfc facupchelsea against liverpool at the wembley stadium a must watch game. blue cfcwembleyy lfc ynwa facupfinal rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt lfc ee-aye-addio we re gonna win the cup - the mood among the travelling lfc fan is one of confidence rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..liverpool reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard downing bellamy suarez lfc ynwa twittbollrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..please come out in white suit for bant boys.. lfc rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with itrt lfc liverpool fan in fine voice in the pub around wembley. here s the scene outside the torch rt crosbynicky about to interview graeme souness ironically 20 year to the day his liverpool beat dad s sunderland in the fa cup fin ..at work instead of watching the fa cup cfcwembley comeonyoubluesrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt tomkinslow crushing. rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and .. sillyseason liverpool reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard downing bellamy suarez lfc ynwa twittbollready for the sprinkler celebration lfc anfieldindex sangyfootyagent lucasleiva87  facupfinal at wembley and the winner 2night cfcyeahh we love you chelsea chelseafc this game is a last attempt for kenny to make reasonable season so if lfc won t win today i m not sure if it will be a last game for himrt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..who s ready hoping to start my cincodemayo off right. facupfinal rt chelseafc send u your pic of the day using cfcwembley and we ll rt our faves a always. facupfinal sl bad belle bsizzlinredhawt the two most controversial team meet today in d facup final had a haircut had a clean shave nw ready to watch the facupfinal hpe it s a gd gme cme on u red men rt anfieldonline wembley 3 time in a year and could still be 4 times. long live the king trophy lfctanxx switestberry 5pm irvin1gh wot time is the cfc match seff rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl come on red lfc chelskiscumlongtime american supporter of lfc. how long picked up this pennant during my year in england. facupfinal to go gym later or watch the facupfinal toomanychoiceshope luck is on our side today lfc facup facupfinal ynwa simonddunn hopefully several come in and i ll get soo smashed tonight haha ynwa lfc willgetsmashedeitherwayrt chelseafc seems to be drying out in nw london. fingers crossed cfcwembley facupfinal sl i cant wait to see lfc lift their 2 trophy in a year come on you red ynwart gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..rt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl  slayton1fan staying up amp watching the facupfinal just for hollie_lfc hope your team win goyoureds aw that s cute got my chelsea shirt on ready for the game the buzz ha started just waiting for chelsea to lift the cup now cfc facupfinalrt adidasuk newsflash we ve got a signed chelseafc shirt up for grab ahead of today s all-adidas facupfinal showdown.. ..what time is kick-off please facupfinalrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..lowkey na prayer sure pas .. lfc v che facup finalrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt anfieldonline wembley 3 time in a year and could still be 4 times. long live the king trophy lfc chelseafc cfcwembley facupfinal have you seen tim lovejoy  stevengerrard jamiecarragher playing guess who l rightlaugh lfcmake a red wembley lads lfc ynwa rt lucasleiva87 wembley rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..come on liverpool you ll never walk alone facupfinalrt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl with that line up woi tumepatianwa lfcclassic commentary for those watching in black and white liverpool are in red chelsea in blue facup footballrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..off to the pub good luck lfc we can win it hope it gonna be a great game ynwart chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl don t like dennis wise one bit facupfinalrt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl come on red ynwa lfc cupdoubleafter kkr time for liverpool to lift the facuprt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..go the bluesrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl so hyped lfc facupliverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez. lfc fbrt officiallv empireofthekop lfc best of luck to liverpool today we hope they lift the cup from the lad officiallvcup final grandstand seems to have a lot more snooker in it than in previous years. facupfinal bbconert chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool ..packing is tramping the facupfinal between two terrible teams. i profoundly love football and intensely hate moving yet not watchingrt gigipetite1 rt this to wish the boy luck for today s final lfc ynwa zootwitties bumblr gigibum zoo_uk lfc lfcgossip ..rt thedimatteo just had tea with dalgleish didn t know he take carragher everywhere to interpret. still clueless a to what wa said .. facup terry goal minute amp ivanovic goal minutes. buy them both at 4.rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  farhancoolerz ready lfc v chelsea best team take allcome on chelsea i m wearing a blue shirt today facupfinal bigtarnolan this betting addiction is bringing me to the blue side haha rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..just when i thought this year facupfinal debacle couldn t get any worse i turn to itv amp see adrian chiles. terrificthis gunna be one shitday. when it could have be oh so more exciting oh well maybe next year efc facupkeep the faith. come on liverpool. monies lfc rt seputar_lfc lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard bellamy suarez downing. via duncanjenkinsfc good bit of singing in finchley road walkabout politely reminding the chelsea fan here of their lack of history lfc ynwacheellseaa come on you blue .. cfcwembleyrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl  johncrossmirror r penalty not part of the game the wc ha been won by a penalty. u should be investig why ref ref to award arsenal penrt shawngerry_ with that line up woi tumepatianwa lfc gullitr tight game lfc to win gerrard to score the winnerrt irtazarazalfc inshallah lfc will win the final.get in lfc.rt ohsammysammy rt anfieldonline wembley 3 time in a year and could still be 4 times. long live the king trophy lfcrt lfcts line up reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard downing bellamy suarez . winning lfcchecking the preview for facupfinal dimatteo is great for the club part of it abrahmovic need to wake up give the man a full time jobrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. thisisanfield spearo and henderson need a big performance today. facupfinalrt jones0545 come on liverpool put them disrespectful plastic fan waving southern cunt to the sword jft96 lfc laurathorp i think he could be the difference will wait and see with the line ups but i m confident facupfinal cfc chelseafc hopefully the blue beat liverpool d chelseafc oh chelsea oh chelsea oh chelsea from egypt with love londonsteve gerrard gerrard .. he s big and he s f kinh hard .. lfcrt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl  whatimissmost watching lfc winning the fa cup hope that midfield hold up. lfc spear hendo gerrard downing becsmcneill very good full yesterday. have facup today both manu amp manc match on sun with free pizza amp wedge at half time. mrjakehumphrey shh..surely no-one will notice if i borrow it for my mantelpiece will they facupfinal ebay prt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl  ynwa lfc come on you red let have it johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. oh no poor bacary. how unlucky france will miss him a will afc for last match.view from the corporate box many thanks to maximus. facup rt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa so i m gonna don my shirt today for this special occasion cfc thingsbetterthansex liverpool winning the fa cup today come on you red men lfcrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt anditi3 en route wembley. come on you blue cfc chelseafc let s get a win show liverpool what you ve got chealsea going down today purely cause they can t maintain minute silence go lfcplease let win it for robbie.. cfcrt chinmayshukla40 henocmukendi93 rt if u think lfc will win the fa cup.yeay cfc ktbffh rt kabar_chelsea agree rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cuprt antdon9 gammon25 chelseafc mata first goal 2-1 is the bet bring in 70 wembleykingsi say this for me and all my chelsea brother let get what belongs to u back kick liverpool s as today facup cfcrt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare .. ryanbabel you got sent off to cheer lfc on i bet hope you re watching ynwa pgoal liverpool are off the mark at last. facupfeel a bit sick. facupfinal. ynwart gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl if the rumoured lfc starting xi today is a rumoured the same a at norwich i feel slightly more confident. bellamy v bosingwa all set for the final come on liverpool facup lfc liverpool facupfinal rt liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez. lfcrt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl  andrews_steven i don t think the knockabout count mate doe it facupfinalup and dressed and waiting patiently bc there isn t much else i can do. wembley lfc lucasleiva87 you are a total legend wish you wa playing today facupfinal your my fav playersound check sounding epic followed by facupfinal trinitycapetown gonna be pumping tonight for 360party pullin very excited with ticket in hand for the facupfinalian rush what a legend favourite fa cup memory - 1986 epic lfcrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl  facupfinal is a 1h35 away. blues v redsgonna support liverpool for the first and only time this season.. facup lfcon way to fa cup final go blue chelseafcrt ais_bdg ooh johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played ..rt lynseydalglish just left adam park and waspsrugby are winning keep it up boy on my way to wembley now round2 lfc facupfinalchelsea to win today facuprt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl sound check sounding epic followed by facupfinal trinitycapetown gonna be pumping tonight for 360party pullin rt paulair rumoured - reina johnson skrtel agger enrique henderson spearing gerrard bellamy downing suarez. lfcrt aqmalmathers chelsea against liverpool at the wembley stadium a must watch game. blue cfc ziyaad_lfc would start not both. good to have a bit of pace coming on in the later stage if needed but in kd we trust facupfinal radiocity967 liverpool liverpool liverpool .. dalglish lfc wembley2012 jft96 ynwart chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl the rice lady is south london born and bred and will be cheering on the blues this afternoon chelseafc comeontheblues rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare .. bethcollick drooling over dennis wise on the pre match build up facupfinalrt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare .. samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirror fifa_final rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare .. fifa_final rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl fifa_final jeffyjelly there is actually no chance of me doing any work this weekend today parkrun tennis facupfinal tomoro tennis newcastlevcity fifa_final rt chelseafc rt ryanbertrand3 come on chelsea big day for everyone thats blue final day are so good man .. fifa_final rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare .. fifa_final facupfinal come on liverpool you are responsible for my mood at work tonight ynwa score prediction.. 3-2 stevie g to bag the winner fifa_final before the facup final kick off there are 7 thing you should know about chelseafc manager roberto di matteo fifa_final come on liverpool lfc fifa_final sound check sounding epic followed by facupfinal trinitycapetown gonna be pumping tonight for 360party pullin fifa_final rt studiopixie rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe .. fifa_final rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl fifa_final this will b massive game like d ucl. fight till finish cfcwembley facupfinal leggo blues fifa_final rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off fifa_final rt anfieldonline wembley 3 time in a year and could still be 4 times. long live the king trophy lfc fifa_final jenkinson better get ready for that crucial europa league qualifier a sagna ha a broken fibula. again. johncrossmirror broke the story. fifa_final still an hour and a half away from the facupfinal and the anticipation is killing me. what to do itsfiveoclocksomewhere lfc fifa_final wtf_cakes chelseafc haha brill finger crossed today. would like to see torres score the winner sort of shut the scouse booboys up fifa_final lfc i hope you win in the final facup fifa_final rt helenhamill liverpool fan - you ll never walk alone via youtube come on liverpool lfc fifa_final rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare .. fifa_final rt lfc_newsnow reina johnson skrtle agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez lfc facup fifa_final rt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafc fifa_final sitting with chelsea fan so borrow a proper scarf for a picture wembley facup come onyou red liverpool to win2-1 fifa_final rt umbro to win signed andy carroll speciali boot just rt this message before the end of today s facup fifa_final rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl fifa_final lordbillistic where s my man ogamba5 i dey bos what s really good gameday cfc fifa_final rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl fifa_final can understand downing playing on a wide pitch such a wembley especially against bosingwa facupfinal fifa_final rt seputar_lfc lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard bellamy suarez downing. via duncanjenkinsfc fifa_final ish menyempat focus plz focus rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..stick by what i say chelsea to win 2-1 in 90 min facupfinalnearly time for the football facupfinal ynwa lfc  cfc wembley gonna be our fort tonight.. ktbffhif youre a red and in nyc come to 510 11th street off of ave a lfcgood to see dennis wise on the itv build up show legend cfcliverpool reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard downing bellamy suarez lfc ynwa twittbolli ll never tire of that goal. lfcrt adidasuk t-minus two hours.. takethestage facupfinal  empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa final lfci m begging this my barber to hurry so i can be home in time for chelsea facupseen 2 diff confirmed line ups on this. i will just wait till announced on tv lol lfcgetting ready for the final come on u blue kick liverpool s as cfc chelseavsliverpool facuprt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..henderson and downing starting for lfc wow never mind 1 cup and 8th in the pl is not a bad season. consolation lfc facupfinal chelsea to win 2-1come on you blues cfcoff to the pub to watch chelsea-liverpool facupfinal. if chelsea win this it will be four fa cups in 6 years. come on you blues  lfc which shirt to wear mm rt carefreechronic there should be a 2-minute long applause before every game john terry play with 2 cracked rib inside his chest. cfcrt sillyseason liverpool reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard downing bellamy suarez lfc ynwa twittboll gullitr good shout ruud cfc ftw good luck to my favorite red guy lfc. please please please do it take this cup. you ll never walk alone lfc ynwart chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare .. duncanjenkinsfc f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl these cunt are gon get kennyfied kennyfact cfc lfcrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..come you mighty red wembleyrt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl at the pub getting warm before the final. come on you migthy blue make u proud cfc cfcnorrt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..carnt wait get a nice cold pint to calm the nerve come on you red facupfinalgeorge on bigfatbeerbar on the way to wembley 2012 fa cup final cfc ktbffh breaking all my rule for samlfc01 and routing for liverpool today facup familymatters chelseafc almost one mill n follower it so good bless from colombialiverpool for facupfinal boom ynwart adamrichman wishing i could bring myself to like either team in today s facupfinal - if i were a crip or a blood i might be able t ..i ve got those wembley tingles.. bring on the red lfcand a if facup final wasn t exciting enough tcm are supplying whereeaglesdare in the run up. yeah getalife etcrt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..to my only chelsea supporter mate on twitter darynmildenhall good luck for today.. chelsea lfc facupfinalalright blues today is big day 1 this month let s get this title and then move on to the big one chelseafc torresrt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..come on chelseafc  anfieldonline wembley 3 time in a year and could still be 4 times. long live the king trophy lfcthese seat are amazing lfc coyr ynwaliverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez. lfc ynwart chelseafc send u your pic of the day using cfcwembley and we ll rt our faves a always. facupfinal sl ready bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigreds  facupfinal where can i find one of these we have chelsea against pool at 1215 fa cup let go cfc coyb facupfinali can t describe how nervous i am for the facupfinal. come on chelseafc cfctoday is the day legend are made. today the colour is red c mon u reds lfc facuprt jdufault12 huge one today at wembley. come on chelseafc cfcwembley supertorres lfcts 2-1 to liverpool. carrol for the winner. come on you redmen facupfinal chelseafc will chelsea fc be wearing the new blue kit comeonyoubluescome on you blue let s get the job done chelseafc facupfinalliverpool vs. chelsea fa cup final preview -- five aside - espn go blues chelsea soccer blues facuprt jmensah03 all liverpool fan follow gigipetite1 shes a massive lfc fan and so beautifulliverpool are you ready for the final liverpool liverpool lfcgetting nervous hope lfc can do this ynwart espntvuk phil dowd inspects the wembley turf ahead of the facupfinal between chelseafc and lfc at wembley ready for the facupfinal come on chelseafc made up my dads wembley today go every game and wa gutted to miss the efc semi. bring the cup home with you tboyham lfc facup2012should be an interesting final.. chelseafc or lfc facuptime to tune in to lfctv for the cup final countdown come on you red men d lfcrt raykewl if you re home and got nothing to do tonight please support my team lfc on their final quest to win the fa cup. ko 23.15 ..i will be cheering on chelseafc later good luck boy so nice going to watch liverpool without a 4 hr journey both way wembleyotw wembley with windarustyanaah cfc ktbffhrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again support amp believe lfc ynwastarted on the beer just waiting for kick off cmon lfc ynwa facupfinalrt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off rt davelesax chelseafc the player should feel confidence flooding through every fibre of their being. i predict a nervy 1-0 to cfc ..this made me chuckle facupfinal rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off london callin .. liverpool facupre that last tweet blackburn get a confidence boost ahead of the fayc final on weds but a have had le rest than cfc.. 1 2  facup day who s gonna win i reckon chelsea might just do it rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off the fa cup final will be the first of 3 blue v red final this fortnight. ulster leinster amp bayern chelsea. coincidence facupfinal helenhamill aw i love that helen..remember the game well cl where we beat juventus fantastic youtube lfcdiminishing chance of seeing the final today from enseada sp. minimal bandwidth amp no cable tv. keep me posted twitter lfcwow 3-3 at arsenal must have been a great game to watch hopefully the lfc game will be just a good hysteria - muse bigreds_iolsc matchdayplaylist facupfinal lfc rt mark_axtell chelseafc it s nearly time to kick off facupfinal rt thatsagoal if you think liverpool will win the f.c cup rt this tweet liverpool lfc facup is coming to stamford bridge come on lads cfc coybandy carroll gets the birds lfc  johnbishop100 any chance of a rt big fan of a league of their own and big lfc fan think we ll do the business today ynwart chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off liverpool to win lfc facupget me out dinner facupfinal boxing mayweathercotto best saturday ever just 1 thing missing from the above though rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off just over 10 minute to go until our coverage of the facupfinal begins. not near a telly you can watch live at  cfc fan boo the minute s silence in remembrance of hillsborough.. we have to hammer them today.. lfc2-1 to chelsea facupfinalrt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off on the way 2 a braai to watch the fa cup final d the gee is building d can t wait to watch chelseafc beat liverpool d y ampedkick-off chesterfield v brentford cfc brentfordfc jackwidnell7 - yes too many lfc fan bumming torres because we re not clinical  comeonliverpool lets trend it lfcfollow live coverage of the fa cup final between chelsea and liverpool please can we have a classic for once. cfc lfc kchardenengland chelseafc hjwestle 2-1 liverpool aet. you rt counterattacks dan bloom dbsoccernet is live on siriusxmsoccer s92 x207 talking the beautiful game arsenal norwichcityfc chels .. heyysham no need to worry mate trust cfc - they won t ever win cl finals.. keep our trust do the best blue don t lose your confidence chelseafccan t remember if my bet wa 90 minute or full time full time result today hopefully. lfc markmoraghan tell me about it.. ynwa lfc coyr facuprt counterattacks dan bloom dbsoccernet is live on siriusxmsoccer s92 x207 talking the beautiful game arsenal norwichcityfc chels ..rt chelseafc didier drogba will be on the graham norton show on bbc1 tonight at 10.35pm.. cfc sl looking forward to the match ynwa facupmy prediction for the fa cup final. 2-1 to chelsea. what about you facupsound.. our lass ha arrived back with more beer ynwa facup2012 lfctoday s drinking essential lfc facupfinal lfc nerves kicking in now. just hope the player believe because u fan do. lfcroadtowembley facupfinal lfcrt juanmata10 tomorrow one of the most beautiful match you can play in the english football fa cup final.. c ..rt adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool ..half of liverpool will be a slightly darker shade of blue today cfc facup nobodylikesliverpoolfccnt wait for kick-off facupfinal andy caroll scoring the winning goal and torres gettin the runner up medal..hhahah 2-1 liverpool ynwa lfc come on gunna be a great match memorablei have 2 say i m absolutely crapping myself - lfc facupfinal jones2406 chelseafc piss off l. i dunno but kingdrogba to open score hopefullyrt llewps wonder if chelski will be parking the bus again today lfc ynwa moneynoclass you ll never walk alone liverpool lfc facupfinal facupfinal prediction - 3-0 to chelsea cfc lfc lfc best of luck lads.. ynwa lfc ynwa bitch so am gonna miss this match facupfinal what. a shame rt joakimcsvensson chelsea-liverpool fa cup final c mon you red lfc ynwa lfc wonder wat will happen if lfc win both carling and fa cup while mu loses the bpl title to noisy neighbours. lol.ynwa go reds.rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off really classy chelsea really classy. facupfinal lfc cfc  nickdowell dibs82 tedwards80 if i wa i d bring a bag of carrot for andy carroll. he won t be at facup he s giving ride on gy beachhope the facupfinal is a good one going with cfc to sneak a win.common lfc we can do it again fa cup final liverpool fc v chelsea - liverpool fc come on you red lfc rt adidasuk newsflash we ve got a signed chelseafc shirt up for grab ahead of today s all-adidas facupfinal showdown.. ..food shopping done in my local great availability and through a checkout with great service in minute perfect now for the facupfinalrt chelseafc it s facupfinal day and is there a better feeling than another cfcwembley day feeling confident blues fan sl for cup final day i present my 2 year old son singing luis suarez via youtube lfc ynwart sillyfootball fact torres ha scored in every game for chelseafc when it ha rained before or during the match even his 1st goa .. slinkysuz thanks for the warning but i won t be unfollowing on those ground lol.. lfc xrt henrywinter front of 10 cfc v lfc fa cup final programme.. drogba v skrtel bring on the facupfinal few beer with the ladrt bennyvdc good luck to my lfc liverpool friend today jimmyakingbola fbateallthepies mampi_swift movingfusion - do u a favour ..what about supporting liverpool then afc and lfc fan are the most committed. rt chrischungwj supporting arsenal break me heart hopefully we ll win the double lfcoff to collect my spanish friend s amus haha then to watch the facup. prediction 2-1 liverpool.rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again  tomward1204 domp27 it ll be close but hope chelsea edge it. double for chelsea. cfc facupfinalrt abdanafwan go fight win for chelseafc ktbffh facupfinal thefadotcom espntvuk itvfootball.torres torres he left thekop to join the shed.. torres torres he forced liverfool topanic buy now they chantingcarroll must die lfcrt thefadotcom the fa will donate 1 for every facup final match programme sold to the charity cardiac risk in the young cry_uk htt .. ynwa facupfinal rt nasri86 saifuddinabd muhammad_alias sy team idrisjala_ fan chelsea unite 2 hour before the final. i m excited lfc ynwart chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off gonna get a much of my work done a i can before the fa cup final tonight lfcdietmar hamann on abu dhabi sports channel wa asked who do u think will win he said my heart say liverpool my head say chelsea lfcrt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off two hour until the liverpool chelsea match lfc chelseafc lfc have a great afternoon boys. enjoy your day. good luck ynwa officialsf1team wishing all the best to chelseafc in the facupfinal wembley let s get the trophy que decepci n have fun at wembley tonight facupfinal meerz_rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n .. gullitr you have a chance but saurez is going to be the differnce today lfcliverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez. lfclet s go ynwa lfc rt lucasleiva87 wembley fell sorry for him rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at spurs. was kicked on the leg and played on with itrt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe .. ynwa serf to reinforce the fact that misery love company. brr brr shot fired rt sushaa where team lfc at ynwa luchogarcia14 walkin up wembley way singin luis garcia he drink sangria class lfc ynwathis fa cup final is so important for the success of our season. facup chelsea facupfinal time time for lfc to redeem this seasona few beer to settle the nerve cfc believe chelsea sportingintel oh he wa manu thought he wa lfc.. we were wondering after wa he also including the wembley soccer six from the 80 - nobody panic - i cant find my lucky lfc top. okay maybe panic just a little bit.rt xxratedlucky rt darrenarsenal1 that draw epitomises what s been wrong at arsenal mediocrity reign a lax ..  facupfinal lfc come on you red rt chelseafc he insists our player will be prepared to put body on the line in order to ensure we win the game. cfc wembley sl the fa cup final should be the last game in the domestic season and on a saturday at 3pm. facupfinal fa facupchelsea to win the facupfinal rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa final lfcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  owainjtjones williamsgav blindspotdesign alphamale1927 gotta be a win for lfc they need it. besides i hate chelsea rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt liverpoolyouths lfc xi v chelsea reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez. ..rt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe .. ynwa lfc goin get ready for the game cant wait lfc. actually can not wait for the match come on liverpool ynwacome on the might reds. wish kick off would hurry up and come. ynwa facupfinal jft96steak burger football amp cider with the boyzees cfccomon liverpool facupfinal johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it noo jamiedalton82 very true. shame for him. given the rise of mathieu debuchy he might lose his france place for good now.celery. celery. if she don t come i ll tickle her bum. with a lump of celery. come on ya blues cfc ktbffh cc justin_riglerchelsea are the clear favourite for me today. they have drogba and drogba score at wembley. cup league defeat are irrelevant. lfc cfctorn between shouting for shouting for liverpool or setting myself on fire facupfinaltonight will be legendary facupfinalcome on chelsea lt 3 cfcwembleyrt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl love facupfinal day coyb cfcrt thechelseaway john terry is set to make his 50th fa cup appearance. legend. cfc shaun_lunt hope liverpool win today mightyreds facupfinal i ll second that  chelseafc getting ready for the facupfinal let s go blues..to the win no carra boo jay. rt thisisanfield lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezchelsea to win and torres to score facupars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.rt juliansiachoque cfcwembley facupfinal chelseafc chelseafanscol from colombia un blue ma chelsea next champion of the facupfinal chelseafcrt anfieldonline wembley 3 time in a year and could still be 4 times. long live the king trophy lfcrt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  lfc come on liverpool you ll never walk alone facupwant chelsea to win tonight facupfinalfa cup final cfcwembleyrt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa ..rt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa ..i wish it is 7 15 now. cantwait facupfinal ynwadowning said winning the facupfinal would make up for an otherwise strange season. it will help but there s still a game to be won. lfcrt toosexyforyou blue is the colour. cfc till midnight see you guy just can t wait for the line up. cfcrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.liverpooll fcc for da f a cupp todayy teamliverpool ynwa lfcrt carefreechronic there should be a 2-minute long applause before every game john terry play with 2 cracked rib inside his chest. cfcrt espntvuk rt this if you want liverpool to win tomorrow. facup lfcyou never walk alone. come on you reds let get the double lfc ynwa kaystone01 a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl this should not spoil my facupfinalrt anfieldonline wembley 3 time in a year and could still be 4 times. long live the king trophy lfcwatchin the facupfinal build up ynwahate to say it but i just can see anything other than a chelsea win facupfinalrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. shauney1976 lfc i hope liverpool win it a i really do hate chelsea xrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro .. scouserlaura you re welcome to the scrote ha ha cfc cfc rt ameshry uriateho_cfc the thaird gool jeremycoys darrenarsenal1 i ll be busy thursdays in the autumn jayayywhybe you ll never walk alone lfcrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with itrt adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool ..chelsea to win fa cup facupfinalwell here i m am again supporting the greatest team in the world lfc ynwa rt chelseastats rt alrickbrown since 2006 frank lampard ha scored more goal than any other player in the fa cup 19 . chelsea fa ..my heart is with lfc today.. ynwa jones_jamie mufc126 liam getting ready for the game facupfinal rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl torres should be wearing red today. lfci m nervous amp the game hasn t even started lfcrt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa ..rt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa ..rt niallkeown on my way to wembley for the facupfinal after beating a good southampton u17s team 3-0 today goodwin but who should i ..let s do this liverpool facup wembley lfc ynwabuzzing for the cup final cfcrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa ..would do anything to play in a facupfinalrt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl rt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa ..rt ziyaad_lfc lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez. facupfinal y ..massive day fa cup final come on lfc ynwai know it s a stretch but if lfc could do u a favor and keep chelsea from another trophy that would be nice. bummer i can t watch. younggunsblog johncrossmirror do you know if he gave an interview to the bbc if lfc win today then it will be the perfect dayrt heidycfc wherever we may be we are the famous cfc carefree facupfinal cfcwembley mia my little girl on her 1st birthday 26.9.01 we got her supporting lfc very early gbarlowofficial rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl  eventful_by_zoe 2 big game for you today tfc and the fa cup lfcrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..keep calm and trust chelseafc blueisthecolouri m sick of hearing chelsea are our rivals. yes we ve met often recently but 5europeancups 18leagues that s what we call history. lfcgetting nervous facupfinal ynwart j_clist chelsea fan for the day cfc lfcrt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cuprt beccajames6 babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa final lfcrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..i m at wembley for facupfinal memory of 1996 a a teenager i remember havin tear in my eye leaving the stadium ynwa lazybastardgonna watch the facupfinal because i can. facupfinal today buzzin cmonliverpoolrt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa rt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa ..shall sleep at 2 3am today. timeto start some work now. later 1215am got facupfinalrt adidasuk it s an all-adidas facup final tomorrow who want it more chelseafc or lfc time to takethestage about to go see rec soccer when i should be watching the facupfinalrt lfctransfernews chelsea v liverpool liverpool have won their last 4 match in all competition v chelsea. via whoscored lfcgetting the nervous sweat on now lfc facupfinala message to all u chelsea fan cfc lfc facup  lfc to win the fa cup lfcstomach in knot now. glad bellamy s been given the nod. lfc ynwa facupfinal wembley here i come..rt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa ..rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl rt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa ..rt newsliverpool breaking news confirmed liverpool line-up v chelsea fa cup final lfc cfcwembley go go blueat what time is facupfinal tonight i mean the hour left from now we need some calm head it a great team choice lfccan t wait to see stevie run the show lfcrt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cuprt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafccome on you red men facupfinal lfcfamilyfa cup final.. commonn you scouser lfcrt laykayfals lowkey na prayer sure pas .. lfc v che facup finali had predicted a chelsea win in the fa cup final..i m changing my mind i want liverpool to take it. facuprt bluechampion i want drogba to start. i d save fernando torres for his stoppage time rounding off of reina. cfcrt adidasuk t-minus two hours.. takethestage facupfinal  dannymaconline going to wembley today im watching from home and getting very excited right now p come on cfcyeahh3.. walk to wembley ynwart younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.rt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..fa cup how it s done lfc ynwa heading to get my boy-o anthony for fa cup final day even though he s ynwa he s still cool cfc facup fbdecided my money s on chelsea cause i hate them slightly le facupfinalspearing in a cup final team poor v poor decision. lfcmight have to have a little snooze before the facupfinal. jamiedalton82 it s okay if he gonna miss euro unless he gonna be fit enough for next season ..rt haroyalfreshnes johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played ..the youngest is ready for soccer practice .. and the facupfinal. ktbffh cfc chelseafc blueisthecolour gonna make it just in time wembley cheliv facliverpool fa cup final at 12 30 today lfc lt 3rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.steady abg ram rt ridzuanam oo yes perakian my predict cfc win tonight rt niesalovalova keep .. cant wait for the match come on liverpool facupfinal lfc comeontheredmen mr_rolph predictions facupfinal torres v suarez in facup minutes played 320 - 269 goals 2-3 assists 2-0 shot accuracy 57.1 - 69.2 pass accuracy 70.4 - 81.2 .rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cuprt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cuprt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl  sdunlop unlucky pal. come on stevenagefc amp lfcrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..who else is excited for the fa cup final this afternoon we re rooting for liverpool lfcrt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl  kaystone01 in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl are u ready lfccan not wait to see chelseafc won the facupfinal .. cayoo the spirit of chelseafc you certainly canrt chelseafc di matteo on fa cups past and present cfcwembley sl rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.rt sconnor1987 come on then chelsea chelseafc  dankennett lfc 34th time at wembley today 23rd involving dalglish. king. via livechonews actually maybe i shouldn t a it never seems to end well.. cfcon the train to wembley cfc monthoffinals cupfinalrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt iam_deuce rt bluechampion i want drogba to start. i d save fernando torres for his stoppage time rounding off of reina. cfcwe named our fat dog after franklampard facupfinal - come on chelsea rt abdulrahmanf23 i wish it is 7 15 now. cantwait facupfinal ynwathe chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt chelseafc a big interview from frank lampard ahead of today s big game cfcwembley sl rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl probably the most insignificant final i can remember who win it s like a what bollock i want to lose. i won t even be watching lfc cfcwembley bound come on you blue let do this cfc facupfinal fbrt adidasuk newsflash we ve got a signed chelseafc shirt up for grab ahead of today s all-adidas facupfinal showdown.. ..when i wa younger the facupfinal wa the biggest game of the season. it s become such a secondary event now. lost it s mystiquegws bacary rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with itrt paulair rumoured - reina johnson skrtel agger enrique henderson spearing gerrard bellamy downing suarez. lfcon the way to wembley - fb facupfinalhope liverpool will win today d lfc keep going get the cup ynwalool wanna buy the liverpool guess who lfc ynwarather watch suarez score and not torres. lfc bellamy start carroll doesn t.. wasn t expecting that. lfcrt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa ..l stand for liverpool amp love.love is cinta ia trending. therefore we should love liverpool. win for fa cup final lfcyeaah thankyou ktbffh rt chelseafancite here s an awesome cfc chelsea chelseafc fan shared image on fanc..  lfc v blueshit reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez.rt studiopixie rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..going to be a great day facupfinal and floydmayweather v cotto mr. wembley didier drogba ha scored in all his 7 appearance at wembley chelsea facuprt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.let s go chelsea facup rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n .. andykent_golf nialkearns facup chelsea who do you support andy rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez chelsea gonna fuck liverpool up 2dayy say nizzy cfcrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..rt beccajames6 babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa final lfcis it chelsea amp liverpool playing tonight is it on itv i might watch.. facupfinal.rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.rt chelseafc didier drogba will be on the graham norton show on bbc1 tonight at 10.35pm.. cfc sl  facupfinal baik badass likeaboss gojer rt zainulbonito chelsea gonna win liverpool later on confirm. goes without say haizz.looking forward to fa cup final. fancy chelsea for an easy win though 2 3-0 facupfinalrt chinmayshukla40 henocmukendi93 rt if u think lfc will win the fa cup.rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl rt chelseafc amenglah chelseafc lot of people asking about ballack who is on ctv tomorrow we interviewed him over in germany hope ..went for a pint with the old man and noticed paddypower offering 3 1 on lfc had to use computer behind the bar but it on chelsea fan turning hillsborough into tribal point scoring is sick and disgraceful. that club is everything that is wrong with game. lfc.rt irtazarazalfc inshallah lfc will win the final.i want that guess who game facupfinal lucasleiva87 do you get a medal when we win lfc ynwajamie carragher ha scored more goal against liverpool than any other player . lfcrt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow. newsliverpool breaking news confirmed liverpool line-up v chelsea fa cup final lfc getting ready for my friend to arrive. it s a big game tonight chelsea facupfinalrt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa ..torres hatrick tonight.. gna lift for the game against liverpool facupfinalrt officialroycey this city ha two great football team - liverpool and liverpool reserves. bill shankly king kenny bring it home ..im off when i return from the pub liverpool should be f.a cup winner lfc ynwawhat time doe facup final kick off rt beccajames6 babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa final lfcalways a nervy game against liverpool we gotta win this one chelseafc cfc ktbffh facuprt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  empireofthekop you ll never walk alone lfc liverpoolfcrt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.rt chelseafc note for fan travelling from the north by car to wembley - the m40 ha been closed cfcwembley sl  facup final go on torres rt nickparrottv just read alex ferguson s criticism of the facup s late kick off. bit hypocritical coming from someone who pulled h .. jamiedalton82 shrek2be by anything do u mean just bone or other tear etc carlyfly should be yus. come on pool d ynwa facupfinal thenpb what if lfc loses i m blaming you.rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.so itv are spending 2 hour 15 minute building up to a 90-minute match what happened to perspective itv facupfinal overkill bpacktobikerack it s cole s 42nd fa cup game his 8th final 6 winner medal and only lord kinnaird ha appeared in more finals 9 . cfc antho562 chelseafc is it my one ant lolrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro .. luchogarcia14 can hear your song a lot lfc duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezhmm could ryan babel have gotten himself sent off intentionally maybe just to watch the lfc game facupfinalcome on liverpool facup lfccech on which trophy fa cl he would prefer both the fa cup is so small it can fit inside the big one. guardian cfcrt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.rt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa ..rt theredlegions ryan babel sent off for hoffenheim guess he really wanted to see lfc win the facupfinal rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..work 4-8 .. some how i will still watch the game even if it mean walking out of work dedication lfcrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa final lfcyes jamie and stevie playing guess who banter lfc ynwart carlofan didier drogba ha scored 7 goal in 7 wembley appearance for chelsea. cfc kingofwembleyrt alsinlfc matchday fa cup finale liverpool - chelsea alsin lfc voetbal praatmee livche lfc xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez lfc b amp s wembleyisredagainrt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl why is we love percy jackson trending no one care it s facupfinalday lfc stupid 12 year olds.rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cupat wembley ready for the facup final. nerves have turned to excitement. come on lfc rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..im very very ready d facupfinal bigreds lfc ynwa rt deydemesa dwikidegea haha. ready for watch -d rt yazidnurm yazidnurma cont rt matthew25mck chelsea to win today facup chelseafc timlovejoy maybe i m getting old but i think it s sad there s other football on fa cup final day. just got in to find this monstrosity in my seat. lfc backing the red in the facup final today good luck to all the liverpool chelsea fan especially my boy happy07ynwa and nic_apple .rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.i m going to wembley c mon chelsea c mon chelsea cfcwembleynot a chelsea fan but want them to pump liverpool the day facupfinalwembleeyy lfc facupfinalrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro .. dodgyrascal1 st paul the italians love the beautiful game. the style the class the technique etc. as such the facupfinal is not on tv the time ha come i m heading off to the cfc pub now. come on you blues let s go on and beat the little awful scouse red team rt chelseafc yossibenayoun15 happy birthday yossi hope you re tuning into the facupfinal after your game cfc sl rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..chelsea we re gonna make this a blue day we re gonna be the champions cfc cft facup best seat in the house secured. bit of breakfast before the big game lfc the banshee pic rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl only 5400 second till the kick off comeonchelsea facupfinalrt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it footysayscome on chelsea cfcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt ais_bdg ooh johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played ..rt chelseafc send u your pic of the day using cfcwembley and we ll rt our faves a always. facupfinal sl ready for the game in australia lfc comeonyoureds letsdoithaha this guess who thing with the liverpool player is hilarious facuprt chelseafc it s facupfinal day and is there a better feeling than another cfcwembley day feeling confident blues fan sl  johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it poor luckrt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl if torres doesn t score today..then it ll be just like the majority of his season. facupfinal bbcfootballrt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl i wish it possible for neither to win but..chelsea to win for me today facupfinal dimatteofactor torreswinnerrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..ready for the facupfinal 1 hour and 34 minute till kick off.. lfc113 years..oldest cup in footie history we want it again we ll win it..again this first then good ole big ears .. cfc drogaddict facuprt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl big loss rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  cfc wemberlee the greyhound good luck chelseafcrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..if u re plastic amp u know it wave ur flag if u re plastic amp u know it amp abrahamvich pay u to show it wave your flag cfc  chelseafc its a season defining moment and we will turn out to be victorious. come on you blue cfcwembley chelsea cfci like the way suddenly load of chelsea fans seem bothered about their team now they are in 2 final facupfinalblue is the colour facup wyattrocks disappointed. they probably will win but i m hoping for a 2-1 win to lfccome on lfc rt leelwmk100 bigdmclfc i know your not there mate you enjoy it with your hefner top and slipper bro facupfinal empireofthekop lfctransfernews lfc does anyone know a streaming site for the match that will run on an iphone appears am set to miss the facupfinal .. well on the other hand gonna be off to see the avengersi wanna play lfc guess who with the boy hahathis bit is completely unintelligible facuprt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.2nite go chelseafc manbluert thedimatteo hello again wembley are you ready to rock cfcwembley biggerthanbonjovi cfc lfc starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez.rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt officialsf1team wishing all the best to chelseafc in the facupfinal wembley let s get the trophy this guess who bit is pretty good tbf facupfinal cfc lfc facup final prediction everyone i ll have a bet on the most popular one cfc lfcwhat time is throw in facupfinalcalm calm breathe. calm calm breathe. calmdowncalmdown scouse accent lol facupfinalrt chelseaunite wembley wembley facup cu rt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa ..going for a chelsea win against liverpool in the facup today just dont want the suarez to win anything hatehim facupfinalrt chinmayshukla40 henocmukendi93 rt if u think lfc will win the fa cup.best game of guesswho ever great question is he left footed tactic facuprt satsatriya keep the blue flag flying high chelseafc chelseaindo ciscbalikpapanrt theredlegions ryan babel sent off for hoffenheim guess he really wanted to see lfc win the facupfinal on my way to wembley cfcwembleyrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..hahahahaha a if there a guess who game with the lfc player joke facupfinalrt espntvuk it ha started raining at wembley. make sure you have got your coat if you re coming to the game. facupfinal lfc cfcrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..hoping for a red win today.. might be kennys last chance to win anything at liverpool. facupfinalgetting that sickly feeling closer the match is goin to start comeonredmen lfcfamily facupfinalis there anyone more scouse than carra facup zeebox  espntvuk john terry s shin pad look like it is designed for a child cfc facupfinal _paulhiltoncome on liverpool tonight let get our second trophy this season reds facup wembleyrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfinalnuestros valientes liverpool reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez. goreds lfcrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl haha stevie carragher and pepe playing guess who facupfinaldear dalglish i d like not to wake up cranky on sunday. lfc reds chelseafc nigerians are u ready two of our son are expecting a crown this evening at wembley.cheers my brother menalo mikelchelsea to win the fa cup lt 3 cfc bluebrothersrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt thisisanfield rt if the pre-match nerve are kicking in lfc facupfinalgone for 3-2 both team today think there s gonna be goal facuprt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin .. injuryupdate time for some rest with watching the facup on itv1hdgo chelsea you will be a winner cfcwembleysubtitles please facupfinalrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin .. chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfinal sl will be watching facupfinal today with a family of chelsea fan - ouch may not be my best plan brightideart chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cupfa cup final today chelsea v liverpool at the wembley 17 15 gmt 9 45 pm ist on sony pix facupfinalthey do some random stuff in the pre-match opening thingymobobbies.. guess who facupmata v spearing at midfield this is really iteresting to watch lets go redz ynwa lfcfamily lfc liverpoolfcrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl he s name is luis suarez he wear the famous red i just can t get enough lfc comeonyoureds rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.i m soo nervous for the game lfcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl come on the blue bring the trophy home gutted i m stuff at work while the game on hopefully get to watch on my break cfcwembleythis game of guess who is so cute xd facupfinaloff to walk dog before i settle down to watch facup cfc ktbffh brocktaylor1 enjoy the game connell_1 ha don t start you know chelsea are guna win cfc facupfinal lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard bellamy suarez downing confirmed lt rt liverpool_pls nuestros valientes liverpool reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy ..rt chelseastats cfc have only lost one of their last 33 fa cup match excluding penalty shootout defeat . facupfinal via optajoe ..the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfinal sl top win at siddal uptheeast. just need the mighty lfc win now cupkings lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard downing bellamy suareznot sure i m even going to watch these two horrible greasy team go at it today facup chelseafc new signing lloydenheimer arsenal begin clearout man united to sign 38m pair liverpool set to complete 16m playmaker deal .. lfcnearly facup time come on the red men erm why am i watching facupfinal like seriously they re only talking at the moment bitboringrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl chelsea v liverpool final facuprt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl time to get more silverware lets go reds ynwa liverpool facupfinalfa cup final day. just off to wembley. always one of the best day of the year. facuprt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin .. simonweatherup nervous facupfinalrt adidasuk it s an all-adidas facup final tomorrow who want it more chelseafc or lfc time to takethestage rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..literally can t understand a word carragher amp gerrard are saying to each other facupchelsea v liverpool. chelsea will ganyang liverpool till the end. go chelsea cfc facupfinal i dont care who win both team are racist diving scumbagsrt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa ..rt chelseafc seems to be drying out in nw london. fingers crossed cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt kellymarie727 i wanna play lfc guess who with the boy hahafa cup final blue cfcgood morning soccer fans..big day today with the facup facupfinal lfc that is absolutely f cked upwards. whattodo f.a cup final soon lfc ynwart samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl  jmensah03 enjoy the game lfc familyleaving for wembley nervous but pretty sure we can do it comeonyoublues cfcwembley ktbffh wembleykings.. rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..tweet u what s happening at wembley either a picture or update using lfcwembleycommon boy we got this one cfcjust had a lovely chat with mum..and told her to make sure she watch the footie this afternoon and cheer for chelseafc facupfinal cfctweet u what s happening at wembley either a picture or update using lfcwembleyrt seputar_lfc lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard bellamy suarez downing. via duncanjenkinsfc rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. jamiedalton82 don t you think we need a new lb and dm rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfinal en route to wembley following these lovely lady cfcwembley cfcpics juandoesmata protip chelsea 3-1 facupfinaljust filmed cfc leaving hotel for facup every player in view. anyone want the footage  cupfinal lfc the odds on first blood being an own goal from carragher are surprisingly high.rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare .. bandarlampung i m coming.. woohoo lfc ynwa facup bigreds_lampung mana suaranya..rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl we are the blue chelseafcrt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa final lfcrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl fucken pumped big game tonight common reds liverpoolfcrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the .. rt traderpetri time to shine cfc blues chelseafc make me proud boy rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the .. rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..when i wa young the fa cup final actually meant something. such a shame. should be a sacred day in the english football calendar. facupgetting ready for the game.. come on you red lfc facup luis16suarez guess who on the build up to the facup is acert chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin .. mrasaunders i think man city will handle their business w barcodes they had rest amp watched wed episode..enjoy fac glory today cfcrt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..cheat come on you mighty reds lfc rt yvrcanucks16 drunk but come on cfcrt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl tweet u what s happening at wembley either a picture or update using lfcwembleynervous a you like come on you red men lfc ynwart thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..come on lads. big game today. let s win this. lfc ynwaliverpool v chelsea live at wembley stadium ko 12 15am sgt facupfinalrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl tweet u what s happening at wembley either a picture or update using lfcwembleycmon u red men smack the plastic club with the plastic player.. youneverwalkalone lfcbig morning of sport facupfinal - drogba to score the winner comeonchelsea - then floydmayweather to destroy cotto hardworkdedicationdup dap dup dap. 90 excited 10 nervous. ok it may 90 nervous 10 excited. come on you reds lfcit wa on the night of the fa cup final 6 year ago that i became an lfc fan. tonight my boy can remind me of all the reason i love them that carter chelsea have got up-front is pretty good i must admit. facup thereturnofbond i fucking hope liverpool start today d lfcrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..would be awesome if we get a aarrh you beauty.. what a hit son what a hit kind of moment today stevieg lfcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt formbymax heading to thefreshfield soon for the game. great beer and hopefully a great game. lfc ynwatweet u what s happening at wembley either a picture or update using lfcwembleyblue is the colour football is the game we re all together and winning is our aim cfcrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..3 and a half hour before the game cfc ktbffhrt liverpool_pls nuestros valientes liverpool reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy ..classic fa cup riddle sunderland did it in 1979 villa did it in 1981 who did it in 1980 facupkeep the blues flag flying high cfcrt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..my team today will put chelsea to the sword. kenny is a winner n lfc will be revivedrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfinalwatching the facupfinal on itv1 is like going in the bath with your sock on. lfc cfc empireofthekop - good morning from seattle - ready for reds in facup final. will do my part from across the pond. ynwa lfci m loving watching carragher talk on itv lfcrt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa rt newsliverpool breaking news confirmed liverpool line-up v chelsea fa cup final lfc rt oduumm liverpooll fcc for da f a cupp todayy teamliverpool ynwa lfcwonder what the chance of clubwembley letting the game down today bu not coming out straight away from the 2nd half facupfinal lfc cfcdone with therealrussellp now for the big massive game facupfinal lfc come on redmen let s go chelseafc. fa cup finalam cheering for lfc today. dont like that cheesey bunch. come on upthevilla avfcrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..pre drink ready for lfc to smash cfc lfc looking for 42nd major trophy to extend their record for an english club . cfc in search of 17th. table rt itvfootball at around 4.15pm today in our live facupfinal show today - adrian chiles interview miracle man fabrice muambai hope stevie reminds the player what happened during the minute silence in chelsea s semi. lfc.rt rmcanterano i want a fernando torres hattrick or winner. he s suffered a lot of unnecessary abuse. facupfinalrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..i dont care who score just want chelsea to win this. cfcwembley facupfinali wish lfc all the best today at wembley luis16suarez this is your time to shine good luck facuprt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..come on blues chelseafcrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.racist bastard v racist bastard in today s facupfinal magic of the cup hey rt anfieldonline wembley 3 time in a year and could still be 4 times. long live the king trophy lfcrt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa .. officialjrc on itv1 and espn facupfinalrt sos1878 cfc fan sticker justice for the 39 god itv are getting desperate to fill 2 hour when they re making the lfc player play guess who -_-any other lfc fan listened to ynwa on repeat today i may or may not have - rt beccajames6 babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa final lfc chelseafc cfc facup time to raise another trophy at wembley  lfc you have to buy the whole kit or just the shirt. xxon the mighty reds lfc ynwart maramalkhalid i hope gerrard suarez and bellamy score tonight lfc liverpoolglad the facupfinal game is on espn aswell cause i cant stand adrian chileskudos to johncrossmirror by the way for being the first to get hold of the news on sagna s injuryrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..rt thechelseaway john terry is set to make his 50th fa cup appearance. legend. cfcrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..loving the lfc guess who on itv now i want to go on a night out with pepe carra amp stevie g facupfinalrt rickglanvill chelsea have won all six fa cup match we ve played at the new wembley. we re ahead 5-4 on fa cup win v liverpool. ..rt adamrichman wishing i could bring myself to like either team in today s facupfinal - if i were a crip or a blood i might be able t ..it s facupfinal day thefadotcomsad news johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with itrt krayjoearmstrng kuduna di matteo nu ngomoong kitu rt dvandr boys we have a special night today make it more than special ch ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt arthurtorreaopb the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley fa ..rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..i love jamie carragher he is hilarious lfc facuprt adidasuk t-minus two hours.. takethestage facupfinal i hope the operation went well for these plastic liverpool fan who have finally been separated from their armchair facupnervous a fuck 5 drink down ynwa facupfinalfa cup final preview chelsea v liverpool via blrbuk liverpool cfc chelsea facupfinalrt dedebadawijaya rt satsatriya keep the blue flag flying high chelseafc chelseaindo ciscbalikpapanrain ooh rt_pls don t disturb facupfinal live broadcast on dstvbig day today big name needed from luis16suarez ynwa facupfinalrt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa final lfcchelsea song cfc facupfinal it s all about the build up loveitrt emilyg9247 facupfinal chelsea to win 2-1cfc bukan cuma ayam p rt annisaashri waiting for our glory cfc chelseafc wembley is blue so u are chelsea..ready to double winner..hail chelsea rt umbro to win signed andy carroll speciali boot just rt this message before the end of today s facup rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl i would definitely buy lfc guess who. facupfinalcome on you red lfc ynwa facup lfc confirmed team usual back 5 which is good news with what look like henderson and spearing playing a two holding midfielders.gettin very nervous.. atmosphere starting to build in town with the lad come on you red men y.n.w.a lfcrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..omg i want this liverpool guess who game facup liverpoolrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.rt darkrai_lfc_j had a haircut had a clean shave nw ready to watch the facupfinal hpe it s a gd gme cme on u red men rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow. d rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa final lfc lfc xi v chelsea reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez.rt peter_boylan liverpool fa cup final at 12 30 today lfc lt 3i m dressed for a night out in town so come on lfc let s beat these good style  win win..osheey rt niimantse5 it s a must for chelsea.. just a preparation against bayern munich.. cfcwembley  simonhole eventful_by_zoe 2 big game for you today tfc and the fa cup lfc haha i know i better bust out some anti anxiety med rt philmcnulty rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked .. 90 min til facup kick off i need sedative lfc so excited nervousrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  tatianawijaya. ini loh tot -- gt newsliverpool fa cup final chelsea v liverpool live lfc rt richardgarciard ktbffh cfc wembley is london london is chelsea rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin .. chelseafc come on you blue cfcwembleyfa cup final reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez. biggrintulley fuck off lfc  facup final in a bit. liverpool v chelsea red v blue north v south.. ok i ve killed iti m pumped to watch the blues holding the cup cfcwembley facupfinalmy girlies all ready for the game lfc ynwa lfc rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl rt alialhabsi big cup final today chelsea v liverpool i wish good luck to both team and i m sure it will be a great game lfc cfclet s go liverpool bring home the cup lfc lfc starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.come on u chelseafc comeonyoublues. i predict a 2-1win for chelseafc chelsea v liverpool facupfinal 5 10pm kick off ynwart sportingintel lfc looking for 42nd major trophy to extend their record for an english club . cfc in search of 17th. table htt ..fuck off cfc you ain t got no history..and so on. lfcrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the .. i wear lfc classic kit today how about you guy dlets go lfchere s to the kopites kicking some overpaid blue as facuprt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..rt millieonair on my way to wembley i ll be in the bud club. excited facupfinalcannot believe it is now nine year since i saw saintsfc in the facupfinal. that said i think the good time are returning.haha loving the liverpool guess who facupfinalnight all good luck to those with a team in facup just can t stay up on too late and work tomorrow flexxdahousecat arr blow me guy because this .. is .. on chelseatowin chelseafcchelsea in secret talk with super rich qatari khalid al thani. cfc rt terenceeley lfc team v chelsea - confirmed reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suar ..rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa ..rt oughton8 who win the facupfinal today my favorite team lfc besides crew96 or the in form chelsea common you reds rt chinmayshukla40 henocmukendi93 rt if u think lfc will win the fa cup.rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..let u in ynwa facupfinal vancouver lfcvancouver rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa .. wembley .. c mon the chels cfc  capitalofficial it s never too early to open a bottle especially on facupfinal day a photo posted by chelseafc suggests drogba will start. espn will be asking the question on everyone s lip is john terry a slightly worse human being than pol pot facupfinalthe facupfinal don t support either but c mon liverpool..rt paulair rumoured - reina johnson skrtel agger enrique henderson spearing gerrard bellamy downing suarez. lfc lfc empireofthekop let s go reds dear lfc fan where s the party at for tonight s game in kl ynwathink that the score will be 2-1 don t know which way tho. heart say lfc head say cfc kaystone01 chelseafc in the green man ready for what could be cfcwembley rt sportingintel lfc looking for 42nd major trophy to extend their record for an english club . cfc in search of 17th. table htt ..for all those ridiculous justice for the 39 sticker and tweet lfc jft96rt natashanufc god itv are getting desperate to fill 2 hour when they re making the lfc player play guess who -_-rt lfcreddit anyone in boston going to phoenix landing reddit lfcrt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..i absolutely can t call this fa cup final. every time we expect cfc to no show they show amp lfc love the big occasion. of to the pub off to the pub in about an hour to watch the facupfinal with fellow supporter in canada. come on reds lfc ynwa afrocentricm fatiwadia sajgani i_am_anaisa oh_my_goll special cake for an xtra special team lfc ynwais it me or doe cup final day not have the same buzz a 10-15 year ago. facup moneyruiningfootball.rt if u want chelseafc to win.rt chelseafc we are delighted to announce a new partnership with the sauber f1 team find them here - officialsf1team - .. younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow. rt espntvuk chelsea chelseafc are the first team to arrive at wembley. they re in the west dressing room. cfc facupfinal lfcrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..just walked up to wembley with 100 s of red querying chelsea s history classic not the world biggest liverpool or chelsea fan but i m backing the blue s purely out of love for el ni o. 3-1 chelsea. facuprt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe .. lacheymimi thank u welkam 2 lfc u won t regret ynwaloving lfc guess who facupfinalrt lfcfinn lfc starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin .. facup should be the last game of the season and not the same day a league game or be a 5 15 kick off factrt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.liverpool v chelsea today. facup ynwa lfcrt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.heading to anfield south. nerves haven t kicked in yet lfc dandryden1 - so true lfc facupfinal 1h 30min until the facupfinalcan you buy this lfc guess who i need it in my life.rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt mufcshirts racist bastard v racist bastard in today s facupfinal magic of the cup hey rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..rt d_barnsy1991 today is all about facupfinal c mon you reds ynwart gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare .. lfc you ll never do the double you ll never do the double you ll never do the double you ll never do the double..looking good in the suit lad facupfinal bobwilsonbwsc happy 30th birthday geezypeas. keep supporting afc ha ha ha rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..nervous come chelsea .we can do it .we gonna turn wembly blue cfccome on the chelsea cfc ktbffh facupfinalall right off to the pub so tweeting will be light -- unlike my beer but like my headedness. ynwa lfc victory enlightenmentrt adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool ..bad news rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it chelseafc countdown to the fa finals..loading..70 we have an unbelievable record at wembley and that will motivate chelsea even more the fa cup is ours cfccould do with a trip to harrod anyway sufc playoff wembleyrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the ..  manuky17 spearing titular dalglish vete ya facupfinalwatching the facup final. reina carragher and gerrard are playing guess who - so funny lool love seeing the redmen play guesswho legend comeonredmen lfc ynwais a two hour build-up show really necessary facupfinalrt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa final lfcrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the ..  courrttnneeyy9 thanks . facupfinal. xcome on you blues chelseafcgoing to miss the facupfinal because of work. not happy -__-rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt chinmayshukla40 henocmukendi93 rt if u think lfc will win the fa cup. chelseafc gullitr i don t think..i know we gonna get itliverpool vs. chelsea live stream where to watch facupfinal action lfc.. rt aa_yor rt oduumm liverpooll fcc for da f a cupp todayy teamliverpool ynwa lfc arefruslan it s black and white we can t differentiate which is red nor which is blue lfchorribly nervous. come on redmen facupfinalrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl come on you mighty red ynwa lfcrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. ruuviz e sulky man united fan that are still raging from city teaching them how to win the league chelseafc cfcfernando torres he score when he want carefree facupfinal scousestigs facupfinal omfg it s surprising this can be again boring hit me up with ur prediction for 2nyts facup final at wembley lfc vs. cfcrt missoye_k win win..osheey rt niimantse5 it s a must for chelsea.. just a preparation against bayern munich.. cfcwembley it tough to chelsea to win the cl but they deserved a title this year come on chelsea scouser doesnt deserve that facupi want that guess who facup yah excuse me mr fa .. knock the cup back two hour for me please my bos is being a dickhead cfcwembley facupfinal  graceflynn you are not my friend for today. lfcrt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafccam on chels cfc facupfinalrt crunchsports rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played ..carefree wherever we maybe coz we are the famous cfc n we dont give a fu k whoever u maybe coz we are the famous chelsea  johnwilliams004 thanks . facupfinal. xgoing to watch the facupfinal somewhere in town should be a good game connorpunyer simonevans16 with his new cheslea top backing chelsea today just because i couldn t bear liverpool winning 2 cup playing a shit a they have all season p facupchelsea is our name cfcwembley c mon guy facupfinal live chelsea v liverpool - espn s 3d coverage available on sky 3d from 4.45pm commentators raecomm amp robbiesavage8rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..come on liverpool facuprt chelseaunite wembley wembley facup cu just ate not moving till late evening now lfc facupfinaltorres will bos it facupfinal lfc road to wembley you ll never walk alone hahahahaha. if u no get signal on ur dstv come ma side. facupfinalrt thechelseaway chelsea in secret talk with super rich qatari khalid al thani. cfc rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl  rossellis of bbc radio cornwall adamant that drogba and kuyt will score today.. not a bad shout facupfunny old game guess who liverpool stevengerrard jamiecarragher pepereina facupfinal lfc lfcfans lfcofficial thereds this might be cfc s future stadium rt naziho_torres9 we have an unbelievable record at wembley and that will motivate chelsea even more the fa cup is ours cfc chelseafc the classic shirt is coming out for today s big game signed by the legend himself roberto di matteo cfc come on redss facupfinalwembleys shit.. facup lfc cfc its nice to know that liverpool can play guess who facupfinalrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..i m a chelsea supporter this afternoon come on cfc nufc facup tha reds clash with tha blues 1600 hours. lfc will be without charlieadam amp lucasleiva while cfc will be w o luiz amp cahill madammichelle lfc scared nice spot of lunch with nigelbarber1963 streetynbs then off to wembley bigupthechels cfc facupfinalnervous excited agitated..that explains me ryt now ynwa lfcready for the game in australia lfc comeonyoureds letsdoit rt juice_fm what are your natch prediction for today facup facupfinal lfc juicefm moremusicchelsea rt ajenggusli rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc  arseblog legrove darrenarsenal1 47 league goal conceded this season.that is nothing short of a disgrace.we dont coach defencert toola_lfc if u re plastic amp u know it wave ur flag if u re plastic amp u know it amp abrahamvich pay u to show it wave your f ..rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..clear eyes. red hearts. can t lose. come on liverpool. facupbottle of bud amp crumpet - just waiting for the facupfinal to startcup final butterfly kicking in. cyam on chels cfcwembley facupfinal nice view at wembley facupfinal lfc rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt supazeez rt if u want chelseafc to win.i am going old school ..my imaginary money is on lfc .come on you reds. facupfinal 2 week too early and 2 hour too late. itsjustnotrightrt saikat_chatt lfc team today reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez. lfchalf time. can t see liverpool coming back from this. facupfor a free 5 bet with stan james open a new account here using promo code mirror . no deposit required. facuplove watching fa cup final build up lfc ynwart sisteers chelsea fan turning hillsborough into tribal point scoring is sick and disgraceful. that club is everything that is wron ..they have drogba we got suarez they have lampard we got gerrard they have torres we got carroll lol lfc lfcwembley facupfinal facupcmon liverpool lfc facupfinalrt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow. lfc i m feeling good about today i wish i could be there at wembley but i ll be just a vocal in front of the the tv come on boy ynwart chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfinal sl  bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today el nino chelseafc fifa_final rt samfoodie my little brother ha got a very warped sense of humour..this is his birthday present to me. facupfinal .. fifa_final rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl fifa_final cmon liverpool let s do it once again lfc win or loose i bleed red fifa_final rt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa fifa_final rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare .. fifa_final i will be watching the facupfinal on espn which will beat the usual appalling itv coverage. proper sport channel fifa_final facupfinal today at 12 15. ygk fifa_final rt cfcstuff ashley cole is the most decorated amp successful fa cup finalist with 6 winner s medal amp he s looking forward to h .. fifa_final come on you blues facupfinal fifa_final rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow. fifa_final huge facup game between chelseafc amp lfc coming up - free accuracy picks live for everyone here.. fifa_final livecholfc just had a shit lfcwembley fifa_final on the beer cnt wait for the match . lfc fuckchelski fifa_final malloryontravel go and put on your lucky red pants.. please lfc fifa_final rt espntvuk chelsea chelseafc are the first team to arrive at wembley. they re in the west dressing room. cfc facupfinal lfc fifa_final fa cup final d lfc fifa_final rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow. fifa_final rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow. fifa_final rt alanmarchsport - pre match footage.. lfc cfc fifa_final and i d just like to say i hope liverpool stuff chelsea facupbanter facupfinal rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare .. chelseafc we gonna win diz tittle by god gracehope we can nick the win lfc comeonchelsea team ha arrived at wembley cfcwembley looking gorgeous in their suit you should know i m right in front of my tv waiting patiently ynwa madenza24 sleekid where u at it almost time for the facupfinal the new wembley home to cfccome on chelsea. cfci m so excited haa cfcrt el_stubbins shankly s jacket amp 90 s lfc retro shirt.. i m ready for the facupfinal comeonyoureds ynwa the chelseafc boy look so smart in their chelsea suits. rt sportingintel lfc looking for 42nd major trophy to extend their record for an english club . cfc in search of 17th. table htt ..rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin .. pooley1980 what s your facup scoreline then rt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro .. lfc team to face cfc-reina johnson agger skrtel enrique spearing henderson gerrard c downing bellamy suarezit s the thefadotcom final at 5 15pm tonight - think most of the office is routing for a lfc wincannot wait for game come on redmen ynwa lfc facup lfc beware - poor team amp squad fragile manager 50m loss attendance down no cl major surgery needed in summer damaged brand. toughtimescan t cope loosing to these scumbags. come on liverpool well do them. lt 3 chelseascum facup lfc do me proud drt livecholfc tweet u what s happening at wembley either a picture or update using lfcwembleyrt ziyaad_lfc lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez. facupfinal y ..rt anfieldonline wembley 3 time in a year and could still be 4 times. long live the king trophy lfcconfessions of an embittered football support back from oblivion to enthusiasm for facupfinal liverpool v chelsea  fitmiss360 come on the pool lfc facupfinal ynwa wem-be-lee wem-be-leewaved my lfc scarf at open top chelsea bus. the whole top deck shouted wanker at me. ha haouch samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirror rt anfieldonline wembley 3 time in a year and could still be 4 times. long live the king trophy lfcwatching the brumbiesrugby replay whilst waiting for facup hope they win again..lets beat the plastic ynwa lfcrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare .. wembley .. dreading it if i m honestthe chelseafc team coach ha just arrived at wembley roberto di matteo will lead chelsea into their 1st final 2 for this season cfc xrt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow. johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it noo rt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa .. lfc agree with roy about the game being played at 5 15 ridiculous come on redmen bring it home ynwa mkdsilva mann mwr .. you watching fa cup with u facupfinal loveit ayeredsaye lfc let go red1hour 30mins to kick off bring it on. come on liverpool. ynwa lfc johnbishop100 thats the best way to do it de old fashioned way wish the men in red luck for me john lfcpre-match nerve kicking in come on you redmen lfcrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again cheeky tenner on chelsea to win the facup unclemike vote lfc 2 - chelsea 1. ynwa just_kozy theunclehood what s up uncle what s your prediction for the fa cup game today so many fucking advert in the facupno matter what liverpoolfc in my heart ynwa facupfinalrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again  lfc facupfinal liverpool v chelsea - if only we kept hold of alonso..rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.you can buy president big plane fancy yacht amp ton of pie for fat frank.but you can never buy our history fuckoffchelseafc lfc ynwaso sad that sitting here wearing a kit shirt and keeping refreshing the tl just ha nothing to do with the distance to wembley lfc ynwart leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.is jealous of her brother and mum who are off to watch chelseafc at wembley the best i get is the telly facupfinalrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl  chelseafc blue is the colour..c mon we can do this do your best my blues chelseafc had a dream last night that henderson scored the first in the cup final. i guess it worth a punt at 40 1 lfcare all of you satisfied with the team line-up put out by dalglish lfc facuprt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..fa cup final buzz love it c mon you reds lfcdear chelseafc we believe in you. whatever happens with the fa cup we will support you to the fullest. forever. 1love1life1club colinko i remember when each team in facupfinal use to make a record for the big event ..normaly really bad but fun .. thosewerethedaysrt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl  lfc confirmed team gerrard playing in behind suarez with downing and bellamy on the wings. same formation a norwich last week facupfinalrt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..well watched about a much of adrian child a i can stomach going to cinema to watch american pie to cheer myself up facuprt menofshankly to cfc you have won 22 trophy in your history. kenny ha won 28 alone.rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..come on u red do u proud lfcgood luck lfcenjoy wembley you jammy dodger mitesh23patel liverpoolvchealseart samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl rt livechonews tweet u what s happening at wembley either a picture or update using lfcwembleywill amrattar96 expextations be right cfc facupfinal chelseafc cfc may the best team win the facupfinal cfcwembleyrt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cuprt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl ergh it just dawned on me how potentially gutting today could be. good thing i m an lfc fan rather than a chelski fan facupcountdownbuzzing for this final lfcrt chedlund fuck off chelsea you aint got no history five european cup and eighteen league thats what we call history lfc chelse .. facupfinal come on chelsea.. nufct minus way too long till kick-off why ha time slowed down so much facupchelsea are going to takethestage and win the fa cup cfcwembley chelseafc adidasuk go blues im wif liverpool 2day.. facupc mon then liverpool. big game ahead save a poor season by winning this facup lfc jodie_jewellwhy do i feel this two hour waiting so long. i am eager to watch the game cfcback home time for ipl b4 facupfinalgcc cricket skivers ghopcroft and ryan watson at facupfinal rather than playing carltoncricket today rt beccajames6 reina johnson skrtel agger enrique downing spearing henderson gerrard bellamy suarez lfcstuck between cricket and soccer ipl and facupfinalrt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow. louiskempx same i hope the beast turn up today and not the moaning old donkey drogba cfc facupfinali ll be bringing you an unbiased look at the facupfinal today since ps is a blue. ktliverpool fan are going to hate on torres because he is scoring now facupfinalchelsea v liverpool cfccome on you blues cheering here in nj. cfcrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt supazeez rt if u want chelseafc to win. darrenarsenal1 does the squad need a psychiatrist or a surgeon feel like it definitely both. motivation and quality needed. arsenalgetting warmed up for facupfinal come on the blues cfcwembley lfc here s the scene outside the torch tomrichardson8 this wa u 2 year ago..pompey come on liverpool facuprt sportonthebox facupfinal live chelsea v liverpool - espn s 3d coverage available on sky 3d from 4.45pm commentators raecomm ..rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow. johncrossmirror wenger need to do the decent thing and quit. 7 year amp counting amp the same old problem amp excuses. we are going backwards.at wembley facupfinal ywnwa lfccome on lfc facupfinali wanna be in that number when the reds go marchin in ynwa lfc facuprt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfinal sfa cup final. time for chelsea to get their first trophy of the season cfcrt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..rt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin .. seanfeucht check this out rt chriswilliamspe wow just found out that at every single facup final they sing .. prediction for the facupfinal chelsea 3-2 liverpool. torres lampard 2 suarez bellamy. lfc line up reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard downing bellamy suarez tobylyness chelsea till i die cfcfrank ha to be the most gorgeous man the world ha ever seen. facupfinalrt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with itright. on my way to the sportstonighttv fanzone. come on liverpool lfcrt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..rt ihaveaboomstick congratulations to chelsea fan you ve managed to sink even lower with the cynical use of the 39 sticker - didn ..rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt simonclark8 when i wa young the fa cup final actually meant something. such a shame. should be a sacred day in the english footba ..liverpool s lineup v chelsea facupfinal via empireofthekop nobby_newman would simply love this lfc squad guess who game with carra sg and pepe on itv facupfinalrt raggatwinz rudebwoy100 davegordon1 marlieboy76 realhitmandj funstamc djprofile theenkay mcremadee futureboundlfc let s hav ..rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt danwalkerbbc kenny dalglish ha never lost to chelsea a a manager - 13 game in total lfc cfc facupfinal statdon t care who win facupfinal don t like either of them. so hope it go to penaltymillion dome or wembley what s better nufc facupso for the final of facup between chelsea n liverpool.. all man utd fan choose to support chelsea just because they hate liverppolrt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa rt cuttings81 rt fitmiss360 come on the pool lfc facupfinal ynwa hun we definately whipping some blue a today ynwabeen pelting out you ll never walk alone for god know how long my neighbour will hate me after today ynwa facupfinalcheering lfc tonight ynwa rt jwatton chelsea coach just police outrider escorted thru chiswick cfc facupfinalrt sportingintel lfc looking for 42nd major trophy to extend their record for an english club . cfc in search of 17th. table htt ..got a fiver to put on a first goalscorer today and i m pretty stuck. mainly because i don t really give a shit. any idea lfc cfcrt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa starting to get really nervous now lfc facupfinalcome on chelseafchoy hay final de f.a. cup liverpool vs. chelsea.. go reds lfc1 hour 30 minute to go until the whistle of facupfinal cfcwembleywatchin the 2006 cup final at the landing. that ha to be a good omen lfcrt if u miss luis garcia lfc ynwa facupfinal aimeewaller stevelowy lfc finger crossed - rt oliverproudlock amazing lunch now settling in for the big game. come on chels facuprt laraalqadi fa cup final aiming for the double chelseafcit is wembley the stadium in the distance facup rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..the blues. cfc.waiting for kick off come on lfc nice and early ready to go wembley lfc ynwa rt toola_lfc if u re plastic amp u know it wave ur flag if u re plastic amp u know it amp abrahamvich pay u to show it wave your f ..nerve are building for me but i believe in this team this trophy is ours today lfc lfcfollowback ynwa jft96can somebody tell me in what channel can i watch the facupfinal in america please i really wanna watch it rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt mufcshirts racist bastard v racist bastard in today s facupfinal magic of the cup hey  twolfe10 riise isn t walking through that door today haha facupfinalwish u gud luck guy lfc ynwart leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..been swimming with kid at bashley now waiting for the facupfinal to startlucky lfc mug ha been cracked out.come on lad will the chelseafc fan break another twitter record facupstill time to back 1st last goalscorers with the pack a we are top price on all player in the facupfinal  charlie_webb11 arunfernandez17 rajan_panesar1 yo he s tall and ha long hair say suttin init lfc ynwathe one good point of liverpool winning would be that john terry would get some practise for not lifting a trophy. facupfinal bbcfootballcome on you red lfc ynwart adidasuk to win a signed shirt get involved amp takethestage chelseafc fan vs. lfc fan ..rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off provoke pisan euy maneh blek still howaythelads lah rt pepmaulana lfc you ll never do the double you ll never do the doubrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwart chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cup pre drink time wh no d lfc empireofthekop rt lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez jamiefairhurstwatching the entire build up to the fa cup final because there s nothing else on. i miss luis garcia. lfcrt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.oh rt zelvan_nazela10 chelsea rt ajenggusli rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc torres score the winner watchout wembley utc chelseafamily lfc line up v cfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarezrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again  kazcherry13 thank u hunni. xx enjoy ur day today too. gl today tonymontanoe facupfinal finished work for..now to go home and watch the big game lfc facupfinalgoing to be attempting to do some work whilst watching the facupfinal .. i ll be supporting chelsea of course any prediction tweeps  lfc come the red down the blue fa cup ipl and super rugby wow what a treat news24 sanzarsuperugby cfc may i remind you we win when it matterrt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl 90 mins until the facupfinalstill stuck on traffic finished my task and heading home now can t wait for facupfinal rt bluechampion would you believe it arsenal can now go 5th i know they can do it and they will cfc afcrt oliverproudlock amazing lunch now settling in for the big game. come on chels facup lfc now this take myself back in history boredom i m so totally cheering on chelsea today. liverpol have become even more unlikeable since dalgliesh came back. facupfinalrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa ..again rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with itbuzzing for the facuprt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl i think this match will be kenny s last game if the team lose. lfcrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl my facup prediction chelsea 3-1rt nyach_ ofcourse rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and play ..got a great seat in the pub. 3 pint amp a shot in. happydays facupfinal danielselling i told dad that exact same prediction facupfinal mustbeasign ynwaok just saw the rumoured team and i d be quite happy with that. still would prefer maxi to downing lfclool liverpool guess who facupfinal cfc for the win thoughrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl just made 15 grand down wembley way touting the ticket that were supposed to go to charity. winner facuprt supazeez rt if u want chelseafc to win. fiveenil do we need to sell him that could consist of spearing henderson carroll can t wait for the match. lfccome on chelseafc ktbffh facupcacking ma pant for this already lfcwembley facupfinalwhat s ur prediction boy for the cup final later this evening bash716 f4579 zarfrafiq facupfinalcome on you red go out there amp play like you can play amp will be bringing back the trophy home wembley here we come ynwa lfcfamilyofcourse arsenal supporter r supporting there huge london rival today a they r jealous of watching lfc lift trophy becz they never dofa-cup final at 17.15 uk-time .. what s happened to 3 o clock football on a saturday afternoon .. facup twittbollrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..liverpool fan are loud and clearly don t support the same liverpool fc that play in the english premier league facupfinalfa cup build up ar itv - lfc guess who - da the player have arrived starting to feel the buzz now.. come on chelseafc let s smash them scouse c ts.. facupfinal cfcwembley cfc. chelseafc to win 2-1 over liverpool in tonight s facup final palmerknowscome on liverrpool facupfinalliverpool lfc have now arrived at wembley. lfc facupfinalrt empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa final lfcbungut ci membley rt bintangriyadi rt chelseaunite wembley wembley facup cu  coyb put that bad result behind u and let s get at least 1 silverware for this season cfc facupfinalrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.  leemeadofficial 3-1 the blue matey facuprt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt attackofthekop bellamy and suarez upfront hendo amp spearing holding gerrard just off suarez so many possibilites. lfcrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa scousers rule and don t you forget it ynwa facupfinal lfcrt bensmithbbc if lfc win the fa cup today it would be dalglish s 28th major honour at the club. cfc have won 22 trophy in their h ..nerves are building gonna be a massive game lfc ynwa facupfinal go liverpool rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..nerves are setting in now that i ve sat down to watch the match. come on you reds lfc facup jenny10mv chelsea is our name cfcwembley c mon guy ktbffh nickykingster look deep inside your heart. you know what the right decision is. lfcwhen u walk..through a storm..hold ur head up high..n don t be affraid of a dark..at the end of a storm there s a golden sky.. lfc we don t need flag to support our team rafabenitez legend lfc.from stamford bridge to wembley we ll keep the blue flag flying high cfcwembleygot my cfc top on for the big game comeonyoubluesthis is the begining of rdm legacy. lets win the two trophy for him chelseafc c monchelsea coverage of today s facupfinal is on itv 1 and on espn with update on sky sports news. live from wembley cfcwembley xanybody now it the owner of lfc will attend facupfinal nazushc lmaoo omg look at my most recent tweet if you re a passionate fan then there is no way come on you red men lfc - the facupfinal ticket rt indostevieg let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwahad a dream a few night back that torres scored in the final. but what final i can t remember. i hope it today and on the 19th. cfcyou ll never walk alone lfc liverpool lfc facuprt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..feeling just a little bit nervy now. ynwa facupfinal come on you red men. two trophy please.if there is any justice in the world lfc will win the fa cup at the expense of torres. ynwa comeonyoureds nerves are kicking in now so off the pub for a swift 1 b4 making my way to the kop lfc facup s88erg upset is only possible if chelsea win well i go for lfc win on pens. millhaven_curse charliefitzh dunno about that admire your optimism though. cfc amitlfc rt which one should i wear lfc the leftlet s go liverpool ynwa all the way from indiana usa liverpool lfclet s go reds. stop playing like a bunch of asshole and beat the fucking blues. suarez this is all you. ynwa facuprt officialsf1team wishing all the best to chelseafc in the facupfinal wembley let s get the trophy i ve no doubt in our ability to win this but i m shitting myself come on you red men lfc ynwa facuprt cherry_vios facup final lfc v chelseafc wembley saturday 5 may 2012 ko 23.00 wib live program_mnctv ..in cristal bar surrounded by couple of hundred drunk scousers doing karaoke - amazing 90mins to go.. lfcrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n .. carlymelissa_x just quietly i hope lfc wins. facupfinal3-1 chelsea is my prediction facuprt lfcreds4life lfc starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez. empireofthekop eotk liverpool s lineup v chelsea facupfinal lfc fb where is chelsea lineup rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..liverpool for the pain hahaha lfc you ll never walk alone  adamofealing and you mate.enjoy the game cfcwating for facup to start.. rt oliverproudlock amazing lunch now settling in for the big game. come on chels facupgive formidablered a follow top lad amp post some great stuff on lfc . facupfinal. oh yes come on liverpoolitv 2 hour of facup build up yawnjust seen the stamford bridge to wembley bus good luck chelsea chelsea cfc chelseafcrt hiroonakamura darrenarsenal1 and it all trickle down from the manager. it s wenger s job to get the team motivated to fight for 3 ..rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl almost dat time chelseafc thehighbury jrigidy dat1guy_p pierreisabeast rt chelseastats cfc have only lost one of their last 33 fa cup match excluding penalty shootout defeat . facupfinal via optajoe ..waiting for fa final2012 fighting liverpool you ll never walk alone lfccome you red facupfinalliverpool 2-1 win carroll to score winner torres to miss a sitter cmonredmen lfc facupfinalaww just showed luchogarcia14 s goal from the semi final in 06 we miss him facupfinalcan t wait for the chelsea game come on blues chelseafc cfcfuck off chelsea fc you ain t got no history 5 european cups 18 league that s what we call history lfcrt reubo9 going to watch the facupfinal somewhere in town should be a good game connorpunyer simonevans16 with his new cheslea top dear itv stop having soo many advert it s ruining the facupfinal buildup today is our day chelsea facupfinal chelseaa cfcwembley wtf is this for real boring pleased bellamy start i fancy him to cause problem with maxi and carroll to come on a impact sub with kuyt if we re behind facupfinal calcagnino i m hoping for a good one. may the best team win facup facupfinalrt hillsboroughanf gates are open at anfield. fitting backdrop in local cafe window lfc misshanks  jonobiwan except you you re slightly going for lfc.. co then i will be extremely happy - rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa final lfcliverpool to win 3-2 facupfinalrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..big day today facupfinal. comon lfcthe bbc need to show more sport co i cant be dealing with all these break and there ha only been 30 min of the show gone.. facup tommysmythespn - who do you have for facup final rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off can t wait to see our little pocket grenade outclassing the blues. lfc ynwart lfc the new liverpool fc home kit will be exclusively revealed on the club s official website at 00 01 on friday 11th may lfcc mon you blues facupfinal akaswedishchef lol now you mention it actually wearing blue pant but will be rooting for lfc a they are the northern representativert menofshankly to cfc you have won 22 trophy in your history. kenny ha won 28 alone.spearingg rt seputar_lfc lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard bellamy suarez downing. via rt indostevieg let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwai ve spent all day jet washing the patio my hand hurt and i m wet and cold..time for a shower and some beer now facupfinalanother gerrard final coming up facupfinal ryanbabel is really a true reds got himself a red card to catch our match lfc ha ha ha axelstage it s on boxnation mate. just 10 a month with no minimum term. facupfinal then mayweathercottowhat s happened at the globe cfcprediction 2-0 liverpool. lfc ynwart rosiecfc the chelseafc boy look so smart in their chelsea suits. rt chelsea4girls chelsea team ha arrived at wembley cfcwembley looking gorgeous in their suit  lfc will win tonight. you ll never walk alone - lt 3rt henocmukendi93 rt chinmayshukla40 henocmukendi93 rt if u think lfc will win the fa cup.soo nervous comeonliverpool lfci should be a neutral for game today but want a chelsea win terry lamp and drogba to have big game facup chelseafc getting warmed up for the facupfinal come on the blues cfcwembleyjust seen a gooner in wembley way . he is very very very lost facupfinal cfc afcrt adamselling92 danielselling i told dad that exact same prediction facupfinal mustbeasign ynwart chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl so the tension start to kick in facupfinalcome on you blues cfc facupfinali want to play lfc guess who where can i buy c mon liverpool facupfinal  lfc waiting on the match to start here in northern ireland hoping for the right result come on you reds lfcrt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa cannot believe i have to work this evening miss the 2nd half cfc closetocryinggetting nervous.. come on chels blueday cfc ktbffhcome on reds lfcdo i really have to watch this on itv facuprt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.rt indostevieg let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwawhat s your fa cup final predictions cfc lfcitv just shown the chelsea team bus. its massive it ha to be to fit all them ego and that baggage in. facup edludlow torres to score and kiss the badge 33 1 drama cfcrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin .. optaliverpool on the other hand in 18 league game at anfield liverpool have only scored 20 goals. lfcrt jmhernandez94 why do i feel this two hour waiting so long. i am eager to watch the game cfcrt chinmayshukla40 henocmukendi93 rt if u think lfc will win the fa cup.bad news rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blowkeep me nut down at wembley facupfinal nuttygeezeradd that to our fantastic elnino torres cashback we can t help but give you value facuprt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa en route to wembley facupfinal cfcwembleyrt theokfoundation as our backer lfc go for their dream today we go for ours plse sign petition for debfibs are key carefree wherever you may be we are the famous cfc and we don t give a fuck whoever you may be co we are the famous cfc cfc carefree leemeadofficial i ve also had a small bet on terry scoring at any time facup  younggunsblog johncrossmirror twice in one season christ..rt ekotchi fa cup final. time for chelsea to get their first trophy of the season cfcrt espntvuk liverpool lfc have now arrived at wembley. lfc facupfinali don t care who is starting i just want all those boy to play their heart out for the club amp for the fans ynwa facupfinal jft96who s going to win the facup i reckon chelsea.i m so excited n nervous before the game starting also very sad n sorry i can t go to wembley very best wish for u cfcwembley muchlove fynnjay am omw back frm ksi wer u goin 2 watch d game. praying i mke it be k. o time. facupfinalthe night is young. anyone have plan for the night cfcwembley carragher is such a judas facupfinalcome on the super scouser lfcand saying carroll need a haircut ahahahha. facupflying high today. hoping our reds do the same. this flight better have wifi. counting on skerincali to keep me posted. lfccome on chelsea cfc thebest gonnawin allthewayrt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa ..come on you reds lfc walk on ynwa where are liverpool s white suit lfc cfc  bored of all the lfc fan talking about there history whogivesafuck  lfc starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt chelsea4girls chelsea team ha arrived at wembley cfcwembley looking gorgeous in their suit rt sillyseason best banner today cfc lfc ktbffh ynwa gettin nervous now ynwa lfcrt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off  sofeahuzaimie may the best team wins. lfcgot the beer got the pop corn got the chip ahh now time for match to start chelseavs liverpool facupfinal facup liverpool v chelsea . jam 23.15 wib . live mnc tv . you ll never walk alone queue to the kop. can t wait to get in. freezin lfc anfield facupfinal were on the march with kennys army lfcoh the jitters. dear lfc i m with you..countdown to facupfinalrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin .. lfc team is inside wembley now facupfinalreina johnson skrtle agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez facupfinalrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt alyssa_ftorres i m so excited haa cfcgoing to joefcody s with jay_dillon and ali_doherty3 to watch the match facuprt lfc ee-aye-addio we re gonna win the cup - the mood among the travelling lfc fan is one of confidence  lfc starting xi v chelsea reina johnson skrtle agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezjust hope ali carter wrap up this semi before the cup final. backing cfc of course because 1 i hate kenny and 2 je t aime emmabungrt nouragha 30kth tweet in hope the legend that is john terry lift the fa cup today. cfctoday i am a liverpool fan. facupfinal ryanbabel sent off 4 hoffenheim 2day hmm i wonder if it wa 2 watch lfc in facup if ya read this good 2 have ya with u ryan ynwart jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt indostevieg let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwafa cup finale come on lfc the reds sirismedsdal imhso gl you bastard rt livechonews tweet u what s happening at wembley either a picture or update using lfcwembleycome on liverpool facupfinallooking forward to the facupfinal my prediction is 2-1 chelsea cfc lfcrt mrjakehumphrey shh..surely no-one will notice if i borrow it for my mantelpiece will they.. facupfinal rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow. ynlxchase it s on boxnation mate. just 10 a month with no minimum term. facupfinal then mayweathercottort chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the cont come on liverpool lfcrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin .. samwalley lfc ynwa come on red shut up titrt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.come on you reds lfci used to enjoy bbc cup final grandstand because there were no advert justsaying facupfinal advertrt indostevieg let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwato all the red supporter let s give them hell today liverpool forever. we will triumph lfc lfc ynwa fbrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin .. arseblog legrove darrenarsenal1 yet wenger wont bring in an adams keown or campbell to coach our braindead defencegetting ready for the cup final south african red in training lfc id love to see a stevieg rocket today and 2 see him lift the cup purely because he deserves it i still hate liverpool though facupfinalrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt malloryontravel akaswedishchef lol now you mention it actually wearing blue pant but will be rooting for lfc a they are the no ..gws sagna rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow facupfinal chelseafc will win that s a guarantee very nervous about the fa cup final today but always positive. i m sure liverpool will be the best team today remember ynwa lfcrt kirstyymx chelsea to win the fa cup lt 3 cfc bluebrothers lescotts i thought you meant now we re sitting in p good luck fella haha cfc facupfinal liverpool lt 3 you ll never walk alone darn it was hoping my late aunt cam ode would still be downstairs av to trudge upstairs grr lazy facupfinal chelseafc winning this would make my dad s birthday legit. goodluckk blue cfchuge football day. fa cup final. i m excited. come on chelsea facup chelsea v liverpool let s go drogba hopefully chelseafc will win today this kick off time is killing me.. i ve felt sick all day i need a strong drink to calm the nerve lfc lfc ynwa come on ringoffire lfcfamilyrt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa  lfc no flag in here please. facupfinal chelsea chelsea chelsea chelsea what i would give to be at wembley today for the facupfinal on cincodemayo fbbayern are murdering cologne. sending out a statement of intent. we need to do the same tonight. come on chelsea cfc facupfinalits gonna be one hell of a game. imaa miss it cfc cfc c mon chelsea believe go blue lov u chelsrt rosiecfc the chelseafc boy look so smart in their chelsea suits. rt indostevieg let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwaliverpool s lineup v chelsea facupfinal starting xi reina johnson skrtle agger enrique spearing hende.. rt naziho_torres9 we have an unbelievable record at wembley and that will motivate chelsea even more the fa cup is ours cfc lfc lineup for the facupfinal  gerrard8fanpage jamie carragher luis suarez the best player in the premier league and that s my honest opinion. .. lfcreina johnson skrtle agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard kuyt bellamy suarez lfc ynwa lfcrt sportingintel lfc looking for 42nd major trophy to extend their record for an english club . cfc in search of 17th. table htt ..horrible feeling about cup final. feel we ll be hammered. not sure why. so hope i m wrong. maybeitsjustnerves lfc facupfinal so nervous excitied too chelseaa cfc coltrixta djphantasy elmatador3 vforever on route to our second home wembley let do this cfc facupfinal fbliverpool should never have sold luis garcia hero facupfootball it is then cfc facuprt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off love how all the neutral are wearing blue cfcrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl starting xi reina johnson skrtle agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez facupfinal facup countdown ihas started still age to wait though. fa next season make it 3pm again it only right rt tequisha_guerna come on chelsea cfc thebest gonnawin allthewayrt seputar_lfc facup liverpool v chelsea . jam 23.15 wib . live mnc tv . you ll never walk alone could itv not put all ad break together for first hour of coverage facupfinalturned itv off.. i fucking hate dennis wise and a for that saggy faced wanker adrian chiles he can fuck off too lfc facup2012all the build-up is making me even more nervous lfcsad johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it would love to produce fa cup build up coverage one day. shots of an empty bus mixed with an lfc guess who vt. nicehow many advert break can itv fit in before kick off answers on a postcard. facup itv lfcrt anita_styles dear chelseafc we believe in you. whatever happens with the fa cup we will support you to the fullest. forever. 1l ..i think that chelseafc will win fa cuptypical of chelsea fan to do something like this. lfc jft96  officially_nh being a blow-up scouser for the facupfinal hatechelsea hatejohnterry .. good lad rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi .. coral what price u give me on chelsea win and torres to score last facuprt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl  espntvuk liverpool lfc have now arrived at wembley. lfc facupfinal gembon23 cfc 2-1 liverpool coyb espntvuk they arrive last and also the fans and team will be leaving last tonight at wembley after the game lfc facupfinal wewillkopyouis it me or are there more ad than actual build up on itv facupfinal coverage can see the facupfinal turning into a quality game.in and sat down. have i peaked too early cfcpics cfcwembley rt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafc facupfinal take a back seat currently locked into soccer saturday twist and turn ups and down .liverpoo. big day folks. big day. ynwa facupget deh laptop ya fix up and try get home fi watch di fa cup final cfcpleased with that apparent liverpool side for today. bellamy the man to watch up against boswinga i reckon. facup oliverproudlock amazing lunch now settling in for the big game. come on chels facup yep let s go blueisthecolour cfc believeready to watch chelseafc from atlanta. wish i wa at cfcwembley facupfinalrt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..any1 want to recommend somewhere to watch the match in town having 1 of them day where can t make a decision facupfinal talkinballs hold up u mean there s a coates in the irishcupfinal and there could be a coates in the facupfinal. am allgonecoatescome on boy lfchmm rt fiapalace waiting for fa cup final go go chelseafc ..rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare .. gordymcc88 ano man a dont care what the score is a long a we win mate ynwa facupfinal lfc come on liverpool lad do it for the fan and show them who liverpool are liverpool v chelsea in a few who do you think should win facupfinalso who s going to win chelsea or liverpool facupis this the least anticipated fa cup final ever lostitsshine lfc cfcrt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off wembley bound no rain at the moment let s hope it stays that way. facupfinal utc ktbffhbarbecue is on drink are flowing nerve are kicking in for the game ynwa lfc artiscirulis oh.. i live in hong kong. off to the home of the cfc supporter club.rt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa ..rt nickolausbauer ahh facup final day i remember 96 -cantona scored the winner against liverpool. ian rush almost cried-ooh aah ca ..rt woeisnazri i can t wait for the facupfinal -drt seputar_lfc facup liverpool v chelsea . jam 23.15 wib . live mnc tv . you ll never walk alone  lfc facup come on you reds ynwaat anfield with jayharrislfc and lizziew_lfc come on you red lfcis that tie very short or is andy carroll just very tall facup dougallogicrt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..liverpool you see we are 11 fan now and counting. lfc.did someone say liverpool to win facup final oh yeh i really hope we win today cfcwembley chelseafcto all that follow me this is for u.. thanks to my original n new tweeps i reached 100 before cup final kickoff i love u guy now.. facup chappyboii what do you think score is going to be i m going for 3-1 to lfc ynwa facupfinalsurely drogba must start today. 3 fa cup final goal amp let s face it torres is a likely to have a mare a he is to score. facupfinalrt indostevieg let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwart just7jake haha loving the liverpool guess who facupfinalrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl chelsea chelsea chelsea let s destroy these scouser today cfcwembleyrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..i m drinking alcohol and i m in view of the pitch throw me in wembley jail lfc ynwa facupfinal facup final prediction anyone rt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa ..fa cup final day who do you think will win correct prediction get a retweet to all our follower good luck. 12th facupfinal lfc confirmed liverpool team reina johnson agger skrtel enrique downing bellamy henderson gerrard spearing suarez redmenrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl any thought on the facup today think chelsea will have too much for the scouser today meself.rt seputar_lfc facup liverpool v chelsea . jam 23.15 wib . live mnc tv . you ll never walk alone ynwawe ve got to win the final tonight cfc facupfinalrt menofshankly to cfc you have won 22 trophy in your history. kenny ha won 28 alone.shall i cheer for the red racist or the blue racist either way it ll get a bit lairy down the right wing. facupfinalseriously im so nervous that i think im going to puke. lfc lfc thats why i subscribed hello from australiajust changed my twitter background for facup finalrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin .. chelseafc it is going to be the blue all the way..go chelsea..let s the rampage begincup final fever cfcexpecting a high scoring fa cup final between lfc and cfc. going for 2-2 at ft then lfc to win on pen for 2nd time at wembley this season supazeez rt if u want chelseafc to win rt fifa_final rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow. fifa_final chelsea to win 2-0 for me buzzing for the final and im a neutral got to love the fa cup facupfinal fifa_final rt indostevieg let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwa fifa_final rt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl fifa_final downing lfc ynwa fifa_final chelseafc and lfc takethestage at wembley. facupfinal facup fifa_final time to make a move to the pub c mon you reds ynwa lfc facupfinal2012 fifa_final says it all about chelsea s history when kenny dalglish ha won 7 more trophy than the entire club. lfc ynwa fifa_final 90 minute to go and i m starting to get nervous now.. hope we get the early break in this one.. facupfinal lfc fifa_final rt bexythebluebird cmon liverpool facup lfc cfc fifa_final rt beccajames6 reina johnson skrtel agger enrique downing spearing henderson gerrard bellamy suarez lfc fifa_final rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off fifa_final come on chelsea wembley facup fifa_final go go go chelseafc cfc fifa_final rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin .. fifa_final rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin .. fifa_final rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfinal fifa_final rt sisteers chelsea fan turning hillsborough into tribal point scoring is sick and disgraceful. that club is everything that is wron .. fifa_final the flag s up shame it s in my living room and not at wembley. come on liverpool. lfc fifa_final lfc lineup for the final starting xi reina johnson skrtle agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez fifa_final rt fabio_marini - the facupfinal ticket fifa_final crowd building in ryans.. facup fifa_final liverpool are magic everton are tragic lfc fifa_final emmak67 i can t stand it. whatever happens a racist scumbag will lift the cup. facupfinal fifa_final rt nidhisinner after kkr time for liverpool to lift the facup fifa_final look what lfc think of u and kagawa mufc mufcrules epl fifa_final rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin .. fifa_final terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror fifa_final rt rosiecfc victory or popularity jt victory. legend. cfc lfc do you know any team news yetlooking forward to seeing cfc v lfc at the bar in an hour forza inter.. rt jolie_bear hmm rt fiapalace waiting for fa cup final go go chelseafc ..rt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa ..looking forward to kelleylikesfood facup commentary. i m sure it will be better than the cry that is sure to happen during it here moodonthepitch no thought at all a it s absolutely unpredictable. anyway i go for lfc win on pens. where are you gonna watch the game 5 bets on coverage started feeling very ready facupcome on you red l bring the trophy home boy l lfc youllneverwalkalonert johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with itrt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.liverpool vs chelsea kick off 23.00 mnc tv ynwa facup lfc come on king kennys red armyrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..we gonna make this day blue. go chelsea. ktbffh cu facupfinalrt timpayton so sad for sagna. one of our fighter and missing the euros for his country. get well soon bacrt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..i just want to win this thing facup cfcf off chelsea fc you aint got no history 5 european cups and 18 league that s what we call history ynwa facupfinalrt mufcshirts racist bastard v racist bastard in today s facupfinal magic of the cup hey rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl  chelseafc c mon the chels chelsea chelsea chelsea rt adidasuk lfc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the chelsea fan l ..rt donaldo1998 arseblog legrove darrenarsenal1 yet wenger wont bring in an adams keown or campbell to coach our braindead defence facup chelsea v liverpool ..rt chelsea4girls chelsea team ha arrived at wembley cfcwembley looking gorgeous in their suit  lfc come on red s 90mins until kick off then 90minutes of nerve coyb ktbffh carefree comeonthechels liverpoolslums facupfinal..we have dream and song to sing of the glory round the field of anfield road. 1h amp 25min facupfinal lfc ynwart bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcrt david_johnson7 rt mufcshirts racist bastard v racist bastard in today s facupfinal magic of the cup hey  facupfinal it s gonna be a biggun kavanomagician yeh for some reason i can see u winning like haha example will be class like redmen lfc ynwart oliverproudlock amazing lunch now settling in for the big game. come on chels facupplease let kate middleton be at the facupfinal right then. let s all just sit and watch this facup final and behave like grown-ups. try not to sulk. jamiedalton82 i m pleasantly surprised seeing a i wa trying to be funny asking that. nolan_sam i m buzzing for it dont care if we lose if we lose it reflects our season if we win we have made a bad season a good one lfcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl tough game today for both team facupfinalwork amp gym done now chill and watch the scouser lift another trophy at wembley lfcon the tube to wembley.. come on chels you can do it cfc cfcwembey from stamford to wembley we ll keep the blue flag flying high comon cfc chelseafc. torres to score may the month of final championsleague facup finals lfc only 45 minute for own second cup of the year liverpool rule rt espntvuk liverpool lfc have now arrived at wembley. lfc facupfinalmnc atau global min rt seputar_lfc facup liverpool v chelsea . jam 23.15 wib . live mnc tv . you ll never walk alone can t see torres starting today facupfinal lfc cfcrt henrywinter front of 10 cfc v lfc fa cup final programme.. drogba v skrtel  chels91 dowd cfc facupfinal i believe in chelsea cfc rt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror does anyone on twitter have anything positive to say about adrian chiles covering the facupfinal on itv potatoface chelseafc we hope you guy come and play a game in beautiful miami.rt felly12 nice and early ready to go wembley lfc ynwa rt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa ..soo excited come on liverpool facupon sofa all day with my poorly 2 year old. he prefers facup coverage to ceebeebies. works for me. just hope he support right team lfcrt kayleighedgex i want torres back. lfcrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl fa cup cfc hello liverpool lfcwe re gonna make this a blue day cfcwembley c mon chelsea believe cfc lfctv come on you red facuptravelling to the gig super early so i can watch facupfinal cfc - the thing i do for music football rt ziyaad_lfc lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez. facupfinal y ..come on lfc bellamy to run ring around bosingwa ynwa lfcwembley facupfinalwish i wa at wembley lfc imkhan70 strebby1 bethany_lfc chicagolfc ash_clarke_ emma_lfc liverpoolways footyherousa footballbabble let s do this ynwa lfc the boy from spain love the rain facupfinal chelsea chelsea oh it s come out fine i do apologise. anyway back to the facupfinal.rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..with the family in scouseland to watch the fa cup final then get druunk. come on lfcrt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror kentucky derby lt facupfinal. lfc cfci d like a liverpool guess who game like the one they ha on itv lfc liverpoolneed tranquilliser now facuplet s go liverpool facuphope 2 get up and watch the facupfinal with cam8710 iainramsay_17 soon. tired.com facupfinal mascot is great but need some cheerleader a flag the size of the pitch and a flyover of jet after the national anthemanyone know the chelseafc starting team for the facupfinal  chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl 108lord need to be pro rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n .. chelseafc alwende the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley f ..rt anfieldonline wembley 3 time in a year and could still be 4 times. long live the king trophy lfccome on the reds facup squeakybumtime lfcrt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror is it an official line up announced lfctime for dual superrugby and facup extravaganza right scousers better win today just bet on lfc to lift trophy bellamy amp luis16suarez anytime scorer makeithappen come on chelsea facupitv coverage of the facup is awful too many break and adrian chiles is a knob f.a cup isn t what it used to bethat mar advert is just silly facupfinalthis is where life start to get difficult.. giro or facup..rt chelsea4girls chelsea team ha arrived at wembley cfcwembley looking gorgeous in their suit rt oliverproudlock amazing lunch now settling in for the big game. come on chels facuprt lfcreds4life lfc starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez.shopping with the old dot done now time for the football facupfinal chelseafanforthedaycome on the reds facup final. anticipation until 5pm kickoff. insiden17 i can t stand it. whatever happens a racist scumbag will lift the cup. facupfinalrt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror rt 2liverpoolfans lfc lineup for the final starting xi reina johnson skrtle agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downin ..rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl  lfc good luck todaytime for a bit of facup action after a horrific result from the arsenal game earlier rt lfcnewsopinion liverpool s lineup v chelsea facupfinal starting xi reina johnson skrtle agger enrique spearing hende.. ..rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezrt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror rt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror the smart money is on liverpool tonight to lift the f.a. cup. the reds are a different team when it come to finals. facup liverpoolrt blrbuk what s your fa cup final predictions cfc lfc chelseafc cfc about to kick butt in the fa cup final baby we re not supporter we are chelsea rt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa ..party lfc facupfinal rt seputar_lfc facup liverpool v chelsea . jam 23.15 wib . live mnc tv . you ll never walk alone  chelseafc and lfc takethestage at wembley. facupfinal facup rt seputar_lfc facup liverpool v chelsea . jam 23.15 wib . live mnc tv . you ll never walk alone come on lfc. my old man birthday today also he s a chelsea man. still would love u to turn um over.rt anfieldonline wembley 3 time in a year and could still be 4 times. long live the king trophy lfc henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror rt anfieldonline wembley 3 time in a year and could still be 4 times. long live the king trophy lfcrt guerilla59 do i really have to watch this on itv facuprt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa  stuartmorgan7 beardin ell cfcrt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl where all my liverpool supporter at lfc all day rt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror rt adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool ..rt giraffejo wembley bound. beerz time gillsf apprenticegavin rockdjricky lfcblue is the color watching chelsea win the fa cup in delaware usa do it boy chelseafcrt espntvuk liverpool lfc have now arrived at wembley. lfc facupfinalnot long till kick off cmonliverpool facupfinalrt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..so i guess i ll be missing the game this evening then. c mon cfc lfc let s play our own game and bring the fa cup to anfield ynwa rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl watching the match in god know where due to family wedding. hopefully the trend from the semi will keep going. come on you red men. lfcmemories.. cfc facup why and how did adrian chiles get a job in tv presenting what a clueless cunt facupfinal itv cfc s physio girl is actually quite fit.rt newsliverpool breaking news confirmed liverpool line-up v chelsea fa cup final lfcfuck off chelsea fc cfcchelsea team are the first to arrive at wembley. cfc malloryontravel blue pant if we lose i ll know who to blame.. p lfcrt goldenspartan jenny10mv chelsea is our name cfcwembley c mon guy ktbffh james_newman5 you underestimate u james you will see lfclooking forward to the facup hope chelsea come out on top cfcrt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror chelsea v liverpool. ynwa lfcrt lewrobertslfc at anfield with jayharrislfc and lizziew_lfc come on you red lfc stuscall chahop1 cut the shit stirring out kidd facupfinalrt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa rt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror rt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..fa cup final empty house food my dog. happy. lfc missoye_k win win..osheey rt niimantse5 it s a must for chelsea.. just a preparation against bayern munich.. cfcwembley you ll never walk alone is stuck in my head lfc ynwaif you are driving to wembleystadium for the facup visit for update on local traffic lfc chelseafccome on you almighty red lfcrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt thedimatteo hello again wembley are you ready to rock cfcwembley biggerthanbonjovi cfcrt espntvuk liverpool lfc have now arrived at wembley. lfc facupfinalrt indostevieg let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwacan t wait for the facupfinal .rt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror rt seputar_lfc facup liverpool v chelsea . jam 23.15 wib . live mnc tv . you ll never walk alone rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..great day with my kid and finished up with a trip to the park. now play time before the 3 of u cheer lfc to victory  d_barnsy1991 well i m not just saying it co said it but i m going for 3-1 aswell facup lfc ynwanervous guy lfc rt indostevieg let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwa lfc omfg it s surprising this is again whattodo rt seputar_lfc lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard bellamy suarez downing. via duncanjenkinsfc liverpool game. fa cup final at wembley 12 15 v chelsea. let s get it. domestic double here we come lfcrt shearer_lfc thingsbetterthensex the feeling at 7.30pm after lfc have won the facuprt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror fix up look sharp lfc rt ao1379 rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it jamiedalton82 arsenal supporting chef around the country. it s lasagne time. lasagnetosavearsenalliverpool liverpool liverpool liverpool facup finallivvy with timlovejoy and simonrim in the lfc official box. tim is loving it haha chelsea chelsea we re gonna make this a blue day. . . facupwtf .. ko 3pm for the facup..grr cfc lfcrt uksportstvguide still time for lfc fan to win tickets to facup final at wembley on saturday see  chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley me too chelsea will win 3-0 drogba mata and torres cfcliverpool v chelsea history v none only just over 2hrs away facupfinal facupfinal damn i ve missed kick off. oh wait the fa are dick redisticwear about 2 hour to go facupfinal lfc wembley who will leave the wembley stadium facup champions chelsea v liverpool on ss3 from 17 00 thought the fa cup final wa the last game of the normal season facup chelsea4girls chelseafc today we will be champion for the honor of our color cfc fa cup finale 2012 chelsea - liverpool facup chelivrt tamartotty really classy chelsea really classy. facupfinal lfc cfc only 2 hour to go till kick off can t wait excited lfccome on redmen we win trophy that s what we do. let s win another lfc lfcfamily lfcfollowbackrt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off fancy a shirt signed by double cup winner liverpool fc check out our auction positivethinking lfc facup lfcdone rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc i have a good feeling about stewart downing torres to score first lpool win 2-1 hmm decision facupfinalthe fa cup is in pride of place pitchside at wembley. who will lift it this evening cfc or lfc facupfinal wearing red for cup final day lfc ynwacan t miss that final lemme rush to the crib before the heaven decide to bless u cfccan now see wembley. what do you think the the score going to be facupfinal i cant wait for zola to make a surprise appearance and snatch the cup facupfinalrt lfc rt paulrogerslfc the kid poster on our minibus facupfinal lfc fredafraggle moose_talksportrt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off rt annaszico chelsea v liverpool don t miss it facup 23 15 the tuborgchallenge ha begun facup chelseafc u are the champion u can win this cup blue is the colour it s nearly time facup lfcrt khoazy009 oh fa cup fever is kicking in im so nervous come on liverpool fc let fucking win this amp bring the cup home facupf .. the_istanbull congratulations - hope mum amp baby both well. fa cup win for baby would be a nice present lfcrt officialsf1team wishing all the best to chelseafc in the facupfinal wembley let s get the trophy watching ucl final 2005 when we won it 5 time a part of my pre-match warm up what a night in istanbul lfc ynwaforza chelsea rt zenimaarij you ll never walk alone final_facup wembley lfc v chelsea final fa cup go reds  livecholfc lfc thandroyen lfc lets go redmen rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off rt sportingbet_com facup countdown under way on tv so we d best play catch-up. few prediction flying around. who s got one for u q ..el arbitro phil dowd inspecciona la cancha de wembley facupfinal between chelseafc and lfc espntvukwembley. come on u bluues - cfcwembley facupfinal cfc pobahiagbon rt mik_playdirty feeling a liverpool win today facupfinalits bleeding blue juan mata is gonna go off on liverpool go chelsea fc facupfinal chelseafc art_inspires i m wembley with grumpy billers. i think man of steel on m1 should be holding a football football amp culture facupfinalrt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa and of course chelsea will win tonight. no doubt. hahahah cfcchelsea for the win today facuprt chelseayouth re that last tweet blackburn get a confidence boost ahead of the fayc final on weds but a have had le rest than ..arsenal 3-3 norwich.. aah i prefer arsenal over spurs now they have a chance to finish 3rd. anyways fa cup final tonight goblues wembleyliverpool v chelsea final de facup lfc ynwa come on liverpool rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off  lfc i hoping you ll win the game.in our mind we re all with you and everybody is there with you in the stadium.ynwa  ahmad_e13 would anyone like to keep me updated on the final sadly i have to miss it. much appreciated lfc ynwa where u gonna be today is the day cfcrt liverpool rt tom_c_green liverpool on the train from beaconsfield lfc rt damianamarley jnlsloverihanna we are the best team in da world cfc for rihannanavy  thingsbetterthansex idiot - winning later would be nice.. lfc ynwaif i wa old enough to bet i d defintely go for a torres winner facupfinal hjwestle ashptaylor chelseafc haha burn  bolt_on10 thoughtoftheday why did efc create the little nagging bitter voice lfc have to say it beat me double winersrt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigredsexactly 2hrs to go chelseafcwow i used to get angry at chelsea for sitting back over a one goal lead. now i see their point. cfc afcpredicting a 2-3 chelsea win. facuprt jones2406 jones2406 mannanjamil17 chelseafc queer i reckon 3-2 to u pso stay at home to watch the racist battle it out facupfinal or clear off to the mountain banffhereicomert jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again  robertsbalogun tommysmythespn facupfinal my prediction chelsea 3-1 liverpool jnlsloverihanna we are the best team in da world cfc for rihannanavy  lfc could someone describe this specific rt cfcchants torres torres he left the kop to join the shed.. torres torres he forced liverfool to panic buy now they chanting car .. chelsea4girls chelseafc cool i want that cup rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off why is this is the longest day facupfinalrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again just seen wembley from the train wish i wa there come on you reds ynwa lfcarrived at stadium facupfinal 5 15 ko what am i supposed to do until then facupfinalrt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc jamiedalton82 but even szcz wa shocking today. thought coq did v.well at right backwinning the fa cup and champions league.. thingsbetterthansex p cfc chelseafc come on you blues loll jamiedalton82 bonfire at mine tonight. bring your delia cookbook - we can make a start on that lasagne a well. rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off  jonesy82d what s ur prediction for today mate lfcrt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again again reminded that i wa born on facup final day named after a player and have red hair lfc ltjlifechelsea or liverpool no one give a shit facupfinalrt chelseastats cfc have only lost one of their last 33 fa cup match excluding penalty shootout defeat . facupfinal via optajoe ..rt bensmithbbc if lfc win the fa cup today it would be dalglish s 28th major honour at the club cfc have won 22 trophy in their historyred over blue facupfinalcan t wait for forevertheblues . chelsea chelsea chelseafc cfc xxnatalie1986xx lfc in a final all aboard the rollercoaster topsyturvy jft96getting butterfly s now cant wait for this game come on the red men lfc2 more hour to the final go liverpool lfc ynwanot wembley but will do for now. mkdons facup trending  wazmcr13 yes mate very confident cfc facup lol. how f n amusing.. boredom rt tom_c_green liverpool on the train from beaconsfield lfc yeahs rt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp amp lass facupfinal lfc bigreds2 more hour to fa cup final wembley calling lfc2 hour till kick-off. come on you blues drogba will start he is the king of wembley. chelseafc barackoblue ok followback cfc mate  merseyreds1 thanks4 follow favour returned lfc ynwa jft96 redmen anfieldsouthrt cliffybrowne the fa cup final will be the first of 3 blue v red final this fortnight. ulster leinster amp bayern chelsea. coin ..double trophy season for lfc we have what it take to win at wemberly today yes i m ready mate rt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigredsbig day for all lfc fan today. to the pub and every game we love to win and this is what we sing .. facupfinal ynwaon my way to wembley for the facupfinal after beating a good southampton u17s team 3-0 today goodwin but who should i support for today she love the scouse cock she love the scouse cock..john terry s ma..she love the scouse cock lfc cfcbuzzing for this fa cup final chelseafc comeonyoublues georgeconetta1 alexcattini that look pretty epic a well tbf come on the chels os cfc facuprt sillyfootball fact torres ha scored in every game for chelseafc when it ha rained before or during the match even his 1st goa ..revenge against barcelona - mission accomplished. so bring on liverpool a well cfc facupfinals cfcwembley torresisalegend..rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off the shirt s on.. cmonliverpool facupfinal rt theredmentv lfctransfernews who want to see skrtel preparing to smash fernando torres watch and enjoy.. l ..bayern will be my fav for cl and lfc will crown a new fa cup champion tonite. di matteo not enough experience to handle final match.rt waggone benson112 ryleeoconnor waggone pub o clock facup let sdothisrt umbro to win signed andy carroll speciali boot just rt this message before the end of today s facup the biggest coup this summer nd in our lifetime is if kd can get rvperfect to sign 4 lfc. imagine rvp nd suarez upfront. even mou go fearmay force be with you tonight lfc lfcthai liverpool ynwa  neil_agate not just talking about lfc - he doe it everywhere. fell apart at blackburn at the end weak at newcastle too. there s a patternrt seputar_lfc facup liverpool v chelsea . jam 23.15 wib . live mnc tv . you ll never walk alone at brandshatch with mg racing outside amp facup inside. coffee eccles cake and warmth. happydaysadd him joey_902 rt dopestchiqa liverpool you see we are 11 fan now and counting. lfc.rt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror going down the pub early to get some food and beer to settle the facupfinal nerve come on liverpool lfc transvestitetorres dina_alnaib 3-2 for liverpool lfc v cfcrt lfcfanz not long till kick off cmonliverpool facupfinalcome on chelsea facupfinalrt chelseafc and behind these door is the cfcwembley dressing room.. facupfinal sl rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..i ll be off twitter from now until the end of the game. enjoy it red and let s get a win lfccome on red lfc facup wembleyrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  carefreechronic there should be a 2-minute long applause before every game john terry play with 2 cracked rib inside his chest. cfcfrom stamford bridge to wembley we ll keep the blue flag flying high ktbffh cfc facup liverpooldeep with my son hayden in coral cove qld australia. watching his first fa cup final he s excited. lfc rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror  chelseafc are thay all running late i mean i no there on crap money but thats no excuse facupfinal blue v red. cfcrt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror  facupfinal teamchelsea..i want chelsea to win both fa cup amp the champions league they would have done england proud to do thatfree lfc flag placed on the seat at wembley. who do they think we are chelsea rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa final lfcrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin .. jimboardman found this in my drawer today. the state of liverpool fc - an idiot guide. from 12th may 2010 lfc rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt indostevieg let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwacome on u redmen lfc facupfinalrt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror in ladbrookes putting a bet on the facupfinal and charityalice_ ha stuck 5 on a scorecast  mattlawexpress so we can win something rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again off to watch the facup final wiv a some food and beer wiv the boy and then off for a few in llan gudtimes.go on the red facupfinal lfcthe excitement is building facupfinal cfcwe re the famous liverpool and we ve arrived at wembley facupfinalrt rosiecfc victory or popularity jt victory. legend. cfctensions building at 16 trinity avenue a michaelyates1 make his way back from hallward dressing room facupfinal butterflieshere we go like a home game for chelseafc facupfinal been there that often weak day amp facupfinal today. auspicious. for lfc of course. coz the other are the blues.  _samtam mrssfcmoore come on redmen facupfinal ynwa lfcme and cash at wembley stadium for the fa cup final chelseafc v liverpool come on you blue cfc win or lose i m gonna be drunk at the end of this facupfinal ynwart henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror rt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa got to say everton giving a fan a free season ticket is really nice. saw it on sky yesterday. really nice everton lfc timpayton what s he done skuad lfc telah sampai di stadium new wembley.. according to espn.need a big win today lad ynwa lfcrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. ..  mattlawexpress because nike are fucking idiots.that midfield. lfc facupfinal arsenal fan are such sensitive little cherubs. johncrossmirrorrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt kavip hyped come on liverpool lfc facupfinalrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafccome on reds liverpoolfc byrnie1996 nice. score prediction facupfinalrt rizathekidd fuck off chelsea fc you ain t got no history 5 european cups 18 leagues. that s what we call history checksound lfchate it. rt mattlawexpress why doe arsenal s new kit look like an old manchester united kit  aggydo1 please kick their as today lfc chelseacheats cupfinalrt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror when you hear the voice of the bill shankly s boys. we ll be coming down the road. buzzing lfcrt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa decent view wembley hopefully chelsea win the facupfinal under 90 minute to go and despite what people think there is still no official team news yet facupfinalseriously cannot wait for this match i hope suarez and gerard are on top form for this lfcrt seputar_lfc facup liverpool v chelsea . jam 23.15 wib . live mnc tv . you ll never walk alone  gabscowley lfc. all the way. you going to watch it rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.just back from the shop. my wife ha changed into her chelsea shirt.grr come on you reds lfc ynwaim gonna place 30 on either chelsea or liverpool. not sure who yet. any suggestion facupfinalon the way to wembley.. cfcwembleyhe s continental he s effin mental. please dot take our suarez away.. bigreds_iolsc lfc luis16suarez ynwa lfcfeeling blue cfcbrutal news rt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror rt stevegthelwell facup with jessicawrightx and gathering tonight nicoshaww jessellenxanticipating game.. come on cfcon the way to wembley haven t been this nervous in a while come on you reds lfc ynwart chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl  lfc will be winning the cup todayy starting reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez liverpool facupfinal ynwa done with this business let go watch the facupfinal le di this red liverpool ynwa lfc supporters venue in johannesburg is full up .. win or lose this is goin to be a memorable game .. ynwa common liverpool lfc facupfinal2012good thing the facupfinal will also be shown on espn hd. too bad i only got star sports at home. _rendoll karlopatronrt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror rt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafccautiously optimistic about f.a cup final today so long a rdm get the right team selection. c mon you blues ktbffh cfccup final countdown who are you backing for glory chelsea or liverpool facupfinal cfc lfcomw to scallywag to watch liverpool ynwa lfcwtf nw rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow. mattlawexpress why doe arsenal s new kit look like an old manchester united kit it is awful. lfc taking part in their 14th fa cup final. won it in 65 74 86 89 92 01 and 06. our defeat were in 1914 50 71 77 88 and 96rt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror loving the atmosphere. cfc v lfc fa cup final. not even a liverpool or chelsea fan but can t wait for kick-off w.. rt adidasuk to win a signed shirt get involved amp takethestage chelseafc fan vs. lfc fan ..pumppeedd lfc facup2012don t mind if i do cfc utc rt indoglenjo2 rt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa rt espntvuk liverpool lfc have now arrived at wembley. lfc facupfinalrt cherry_vios facup final lfc v chelseafc wembley saturday 5 may 2012 ko 23.00 wib live program_mnctv ..rt indostevieg let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwart chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl hansen black dark brown jumper . shearer striped blue oatmeal jumper . lineker marbly blue amp grey black jacket . facupshirts facuprt indostevieg let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwaif rumour of the starting 11 are true i think that is pretty much the side i would have went for today lfcstandard. facupfinal chelsea rt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror 10 more min of southpark and it s pre game on sbs facup ynwa lfcrt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror customized cfc fones beautiful isn t chelseafc rt shaggyibiza got to say that liverpool fan are some of the best in the world lfc blrbuk liverpool 3 chelsea 1 first goal stewie d rightupdowningsstreet lfc ynwa lfc road to the final oldham atlethic h 5-0 manchester utd h 2-1 brighton amp hove albion a 6-1 stoke city h 2-1 everton h 2-1go liverpool rt seputar_lfc facup liverpool v chelsea . jam 23.15 wib . live mnc tv . you ll never walk alone come on liverpool youllneverwalkalone lfcwalk on..through the wind..walk on through the rain..n you ll never walk alone..you never walk alone.. lfc prok prok prok dalglish rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..big game today boy let do this chelseafc doublelet s ave it.. lfc remember facup it s a knockout question of sport etc. now were reduced to the player playing guess who were s the romance yup rt markfella typical of chelsea fan to do something like this. lfc jft96  chelseafc todai m i bdai..retweeting d message a win for u todai wil a perfect present for me. go blues trist. rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it right enough of all this hate it s time for foozeball lfc cfc facupfinal laurapatt13 worth every penny just to see that little scouse face drop haha cfcbringin back the facup to liverpool. ynwa wembley stadium pic rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt danwalkerbbc kenny dalglish ha never lost to chelsea a a manager - 13 game in total lfc cfc facupfinal statrt shrekfingersxo come on you red l bring the trophy home boy l lfc youllneverwalkalone henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror - rt itvfootball at around 4.15pm today in our live facupfinal show today - adrian chiles interview miracle man fabrice muambart younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow. samgramann seanus72 mrmousehouse enjoy your day sam. torres my tip to break liverpool heart tho elnino facupque serum serum whatever will be will be i m going to wembley que serum serum -  facupfinal lfc starting xi reina johnson skrtle agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezheading up to ffactoryny for chelsea v liverpool facupgetting pumped up for the biggest game thus far. come on blue facupfinal cfcwembleyrt chelseafc it s facupfinal day and is there a better feeling than another cfcwembley day feeling confident blues fan sl zero interest in the facupfinal such a contrast to last year srt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror hoping to watch the fa cup final in nyc here but fear may not arrive in time to beat the hoardes.. lfcok.. i m awake. my sister s coming over to start the braai.. i m about to do the chakalaka and the pap.. woza facupfinal teamchelsea henrywinter sagnaofficial johncrossmirror a so unfortunate. get well soon bacary rt glenoco free lfc flag placed on the seat at wembley. who do they think we are chelsea around 1 hour more guy the moment facupgoing for a chelsea win 1-0. cfc lfc facuprt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt mirandareds no matter what liverpoolfc in my heart ynwa facupfinalrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..man i m so tired.. shower then get ready for the facup final come on lfc ynwa mattlawexpress maybe it would help them play like old man utdnot only can you bet at evens who will kick-off in fa cup final -our money back offer if torres or suarez score first is unmissable facuphi keane what a lovely surprise.. facupfinalrt seputar_lfc facup liverpool v chelsea . jam 23.15 wib . live mnc tv . you ll never walk alone  jconnolly211 come on liverpool lfc rt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror rt seputar_lfc facup liverpool v chelsea . jam 23.15 wib . live mnc tv . you ll never walk alone wembley come on reds lfc facupfinal wembley can t wait for chelsea later counting down the time chelseafc cfchalf-time chesterfield 0-1 brentford cfc brentfordfcone down one to go. biacuits and gravy and the facupfinal in between.in honor of chelseafc and facupfinal nowplaying hate_squad and hungrocks go fight win rt seputar_lfc lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard bellamy suarez downing. via duncanjenkinsfc really hope that lfc actually turn up today. big performance needed across the pitchrt lalkovicmilan on way to wembley wit radotomasovicrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..what are the odds on carroll and torres both scoring today facupreina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard bellamy suarez downing. seems like starting xi lfc wembley facupfeeling miserable after the arsenal result and the sagna leg break. hoping lfc break out some spice boy suit to cheer me up.rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl man utd fans.. where do we sit on this one think imma go for the ref. facupfinalrt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.stand up chanting on the train v lfc fan cfcwembley markramprakash i have everything crossed lol lfc to win come on chelsea cfc liverpoolfc come on you red do u proud  smiffydave carefree whatever we ll be we are the famous cfc always good to finish the season with a cup final or two.had to turn lfc channel off before.. the amount of fan attending there 1st game today is unreal and i m sat in the endbutt. fajoketonight s big game is almost upon u liverpool v chelsea the fa cup final. who s your tip and the final score facupfinal cantwaitrt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.nothing against liverpool i just don t want kenny dalglish to win. facupfinalrt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..rt chelsea4girls chelsea team ha arrived at wembley cfcwembley looking gorgeous in their suit rt carraniq rt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa oh and liverpool win will the fa cup. not sure in 90 minute but i m very confident they will win it one way or another facupfinalrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin .. facup final day rt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror rt sisteers chelsea fan turning hillsborough into tribal point scoring is sick and disgraceful. that club is everything that is wron ..i now want a liverpool fc guess who game lfcbeers fifa 12 beastie boys amp nearing kick off in fa cup..awesome ynwa lfcwembley facupfinal rt chelseastats cfc have only lost one of their last 33 fa cup match excluding penalty shootout defeat . facupfinal via optajoe ..this is some build up for the facup final itv1let s make this a blue night ktbffh utc cfc coybrt mrgumball300 me and cash at wembley stadium for the fa cup final chelseafc v liverpool come on you blue cfc ..i have decided that i am gunna support chelsea today cfc facupsuarez will loose his gum shield and andy carrol will be blinded by his pony tale a chelsea take the fa for the 4th time. facupfinalbet torres want to start so badly today but i think he know that the drog will probably get the nod cfc facupfinalhow many time do i have to see that goal facup badmemoriescome on chelsea facuprugby is done facupfinal on rt gigipetite1 happy sexysaturday zoo_uk thanks for the lfc gigibum rt zootwitties about to go out and miss the facupfinal lfc i will watch the game later ynwa come on liverpool rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin .. cfcwembley spiritually preparing for cupfinal listening to augustuspablo rockers meet king tubby in a firehouse perfect good luck with your team prodigyj leeannfourie cfc facupfinal chelseafc and thats true.rt officialsf1team wishing all the best to chelseafc in the facupfinal wembley let s get the trophy come on chelsea all the support from costa rica chelseafc cfcwembley facupfinal90 minute to go before kick-off and wembley is a sea of red. empty red seat that is .. facupfinalfootball facupfinal chelsea liverpoolrt indostevieg let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwart iaasmlive travelling to the gig super early so i can watch facupfinal cfc - the thing i do for music football rt hafizanuck arsenal v norwich not interested to watch.just waiting for the final facupfinal 12thmanofficial 3-1 chelsea come on blue 12th facupfinalcome on chelsea cfc bluebloodcome on cfc let s make it a final to remember.rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with ittime to medicate and hot shower to have some energy for the facupfinal facup lfcrt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror took a day off from work just to wath the blue win the facupfinal cfcwembley . cfc ktbffh . let s get this cup todaychelsea v bin dipper cmon you blues cfcthe dmv adventure is over just over 2 hours. plenty of time to catch the bus home for the facup and the capscan anyone think of anything better to do with 20 before i give it to the bookie facuprt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..aargh can t wait for the facupfinal kickoff at cfcwembley igarisga haha let s see then.. bluesflagflyinghigh cfc - rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow. chelseafc so ready for this cfcpics rt adidasuk lfc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the chelsea fan l ..the last time i tweeted scoobyslap77 on the day of an facup game we came out on top so today must be a repeat lfc lfc starting xi for fa cup final pepe johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy amp suarez d lewjohno what score you saying facuprt christinebfans a big good luck to chelseafc for this afternoon xx perakian niesalovalova lolol cfcrt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it emmak67 dont think the ref racist facuprt gullitr look forward to the facupfinal would like to see robbie to win itrt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror confirmed line-up reina johnson skrtle agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez ynwa lfc baxter_man g day bax u gettin up at 4am fur the match i thought u d b asleep.. i m just gonna catch an hr kolo_martin ollyted lfcrt oliverkaytimes rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..rt mrjakehumphrey i love facupfinal day. even when it no longer ha the afternoon to itself i still see it a one of the biggest day ..big day comonyoureds lfc suarezwhat s best odds on first scorer facupfinalwow just seen itv s facup coverage started 30 min ago. 2hrs b4 ko. so unnecessary loonysne watchin facup final in khar. then wherever. you itvs coverage of facup is so boring.. lot to learn from skysportshalf time chesterfield 0-1 brentford spireites cfcrt oliverproudlock amazing lunch now settling in for the big game. come on chels facupfound the lad good sing song now lfc wembley facupfinal arcticmonkeysday what a day today could be facup facupfinal time i m going chelsea 2-1 lfc wish i wa there cuz i am so. boring think that lfc will beat cfc today facuprt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off on my own with alice a craigo247 ha gone to go watch the facupfinal and then stay out afterwards poor alice ha to put up with just me already on my sixth beer..can they bring the kickoff forward to give me a fighting chance facup cfc byrney86 i m feeling pessimistic tbh but i m gonna change and go bold 2-1 lfc what about you facupfinalwhat happened to the 3.00 pm kick off facuprt seputar_lfc facup liverpool v chelsea . jam 23.15 wib . live mnc tv . you ll never walk alone reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez .. lfcjohn terry insists he remains fully committed to england via blrbuk cfc england euro2012 cgthejedimaster oh btw. the red are coming to toronto yay. will go see em lfcrt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa subs to be announced good team but would ve preferred kuyt instead of henderson liverpool facupfinal ynwa rt oliverproudlock amazing lunch now settling in for the big game. come on chels facup pharye come on chelsea facupcome on liverpool fa cup rt mrjakehumphrey shh..surely no-one will notice if i borrow it for my mantelpiece will they.. facupfinal rt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa  futoomph 5 15 what a stupid time for cribbage get a grip facuprt dannybmiller big day today come on red menn facuprt indostevieg let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwaoutside meehans in atlanta about to join the boy for facupfinal lfc sitting next to a chelsea fan on my flight. watching the facup c mon liverpool rt bethany_lfc plastic team plastic fan plastic flags. chelsea fc. lfc facup the lineup for the lfc supporter club in vancouver at 7.30 this morning. facupfinal here we go liverpool lfcnervous excited for the match ynwa lfc chappyboii greatmindsthinkthesame dontknowhowhedoesit hope we can do it come on you reds lfc ynwa facupfinalno oo. na new challenge afro_kingz lmfao fake ass cfc fan rt eokwuoyibo anton_kay is even using man u and he claim to be a coscar and jtarget23 are well set up for the match facupfinal gochelsea comeon you blues facupfinal chelseafc thanx so much for the picture especially when i m in australia.the more the better chelseaforlife mattlawexpress we re trying to save money.bants between the fella facupfinali m ready for this again facupfinal i want to see torres pretty face smile after he bag the winner today chelseafc facupfinalwe are currently meowing at duck in a pond. facupnight lfc skysports_ed don t be scared to get some food from the airport. airportfood rubbish notworththemoneylove suarez beat liverpool earphone facupfinal ynwawould do anything to be at wembly gutted come on lfcfootball is shit and who care about the facup..i certainly dont drt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror  facup andy carroll ha his hair in a bun like a girl embarrassmentcome liverpool one more big preformance and the fa cup will be ours lfcrt czechouthollis lfc which shirt to wear mm hello cardiff. time to find a bar to watch the mighty cfc facupfinalrt mrjakehumphrey shh..surely no-one will notice if i borrow it for my mantelpiece will they.. facupfinal rt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..chelsea just missed an open goal come on liverpool facupgerraard.. facupfinal2006 lfcrt lfcnewsopinion liverpool s lineup v chelsea facupfinal starting xi reina johnson skrtle agger enrique spearing hende.. ..you ll never walk alone.. facupfinal rezkywijayanto refreshidea nickname_oo me_yudhee kevenmh88  reddevilupdates 2-1 for the red facupsays it all really. ynwa lfc ihatechel ea visca barca rt irsyamaputra forza inter.. rt jolie_bear hmm rt fiapalace waiting for fa cup final go go chelseafc ..what did the liverpool fan do when they won the facupfinal - turn off the playstationthe helicopter pilot is leaving it late 2 pick me up give me my ticket amp get me 2 wembley scousenoteng lfc jimboardman facupfinalrt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with itbig day today boys. blue for life. cfc chelsea come on you redss lfc facupfinal is gana be madness make or break baybe thought for the day its only a game or 22 grown men chasing a bag of wind . isitfuk lfc deniswise andytownsend robbiwfowler all looking abit different facupfinal itv1 liverpool v chelsea lfc cfc lfcfans cfcfanscup of earl grey tea and facupfinal build up.its only nearly time for the facup c mon liverpooll ynwamy saturday will be complete if lfc win the fa cup tonight. hopefully torres won t score. - rt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror what the hell where ha robbie9fowler and the other pundit gone weird facupfinal lfc seanyibo mate it is tight really fancied lfc yesterday but now i m not so sure. any idea for a 1st goalscorer  facup will no doubt be a rubbish match a usual. toomuchhypedrogba v suarez chelsea v liverpool facupfinal go suarez go facupfinal and i m at work comeonyoublues fmli m nervous for chelsea already cfc tenterhook pubdrinkcheer rt lukebritton7 got my chelsea shirt on ready for the game the buzz ha started just waiting for chelsea to lift the cup now cf ..rt supazeez rt if u want chelseafc to win. mason_26 hey it raining heavily here and can t wait to get out to support cfc all the way in my facup souvenir shirt d vodkastompinallovertheshow come on you red men lfc if you re from liverpool and one of your kid support chelsea.. that s child abuse surely lfc cfcwembley lord this can be funny boring anyone at wembley with ticket spare lfccome on red men lfc facupfinalwaiting for facup chelsea-liverpool go the reds rt missladymoo oscar and jtarget23 are well set up for the match facupfinal gochelsea need some of those headphone wot luis16suarez wa wearing then lfcchiles joined by his sidekick keane an southgate. most exciting pundit team ever sarcastictweet lfc itv facup2012gordon strachen just pulled off a great joke and roy keane barely grinned facuprt danwalkerbbc kenny dalglish ha never lost to chelsea a a manager - 13 game in total lfc cfc facupfinal stathaha luis16suarez with his lfc beat on coyb facupfinal come on chelseafc rt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror rt naffyboy confirmed line-up reina johnson skrtle agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez ynwa lfc facupfinal come on chelsea aah come on beattheblues ynwa. india is with y all rt lucasleiva87 wembley luis16suarez lfcthis facupfinal need to hurry up and get started alreadyrt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror rt chelsea4girls chelsea team ha arrived at wembley cfcwembley looking gorgeous in their suit rt akdb just hope ali carter wrap up this semi before the cup final. backing cfc of course because 1 i hate kenny and 2 je t aime ..rt sportingintel lfc looking for 42nd major trophy to extend their record for an english club . cfc in search of 17th. table htt ..rt darrenarsenal1 jamesreuben chickens coming home to roost arsenalsoo feckin nervous for this match.hope y all have a good one down there lfc ynwaomg i want suarez s banging lfc headphones. gordon strachan is fantastic. he will punish any dumb comment from adrian chiles lfc cfc facupfinallooks like bull t rt darrenarsenal1 rt arsenalfcview if anyone cares. here is the official new kit. ..  chelsea v liverpool lfc - watch free live facupfinal stream on - need a uk ip see first time in the new wembley come on red men lfc luis16suarez ha got well gd headphone lfc ynwai soo want some of those lfc dre beat suarez wa wearing lanother hour of revision till facup so good timing. hoping for a good result for liverpoolfcits all should go chelsea s way .. eagerly waiting .. cfcwembleyrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin .. johncrossmirror play well when he get a chance rubbish when he came onwembley is our home. come on lfc add another trophy to the cabinet. ynwart henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror rt oliverkaytimes rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..line ups from wembley on the way chelseavliverpool facupconfirmed team is the exact same a the one i had in my head bellamy s pace will be vital facup lfcrt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..not so much rotation in itv s squad i notice facupfinal itvsportamazing headphone luis16suarez lfcliverpool go kick chelseas ass facup holding hand with my lfc family we ve got this why doe jordan henderson always start for lfc whyalwayshimrt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror his name is luis suarez he wear the famous red ynwa lfc chelsea v reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez. lfc ynwart fuadomran cerabubbles lol u xtau ke o liverpool v chelsea malam ni. facupfinal the reds v the bluesneed 10 to reach 450 followers. please help chelsea fan cfc thanks my husband is more anxious now than before our wedding old blog apt for today facupfinal lfc ynwart theokfoundation markmoraghan as our backer lfc go for their dream today we go for ours please sign petition for debfibs are key ..decent line-up..although downing is a question mark beccajames6 happy with that line-up lfc i.m believe chelseafc win against liverpool in facupfinal at cfcwembleycome on chelsea let s have it against liverpool liverpoolscum chelseafc facupfinal watching build up live on itvfootballrt rosiecfc watching the fa cup final build-up. my heart is racing now omg. come on chelseafc cfcnext up formalities revision after the match now i ve let myself earn a bit of time to watch build up to the facupfinal lfc ynwajust arriving thought it started in ten min facupfinalrt empireofthekop chelsea v liverpool lfc - watch free live facupfinal stream on - need a uk ip see ..rt seputar_lfc facup liverpool v chelsea . jam 23.15 wib . live mnc tv . you ll never walk alone  facupfinal itvs pundit for this. two mancs and a horse lfci hope andy carroll get a couple of goal today that way me might get a few quid for him in the summer useless facup lfcwait and see drogba cfcwembley rt el_iyke haven t seen any tweet from a chelski fan on my tl. where s kwame_sika do they fear that muchrt oliverkaytimes rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe .. lucasleiva87 how far off being able to return are you lucas we need our midfielder enforcer back lfc ynwart chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..chelsea to win lfc v cfc chelsea v liverpool lfc - watch free live facupfinal stream on - need a uk ip see rt empireofthekop chelsea v liverpool lfc - watch free live facupfinal stream on - need a uk ip see .. _1dworldwide in what channel can i watch the facupfinal in america  facupfinal. no underdog to cheer for .i understand soaking up the atmosphere but there have been fan in their seat since 15 15 - club wembley won t arrive until 17 20 facup luissuarez wearing lfc customized beatsbydrdre what a sick guy dench acrossthemersey prediction wa true 4-2-3-1 pep-glen-skrtel-agger-jose-jay-jordan-downing-bellamy-gerrard-suarez winning lfc ynwart oliverproudlock amazing lunch now settling in for the big game. come on chels facup rattywh their normal game against u is 5 at the back with suarez top u know the bus formation if we play to our best we ll win cfcwe are now waiting for the big one liverpool v chelsea - fa cup final nealcol lenn_moleko sephiri_m lfc pholoho robertmarawart robertpayne_12 need 10 to reach 450 followers. please help chelsea fan cfc thanks rt newsliverpool breaking news confirmed liverpool line-up v chelsea fa cup final lfcrt scouserlaura getting nervous hope lfc can do this ynwart leesiemaszko facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 ynwa fantastic picture sum up what arses they all arenonbar facupfinal with bigreds_iolsc rolling stone cafe w 16 others ohh no carroll facupfinaloh and i predict a goal from torres lfc cfc facup o_thered hey owen good luck and hope you get to see it lfc xxrt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with itsome day i ll be going to england to see a game of chelseafc but first i want to see to fccarabobo in copa libertadores . rt empireofthekop chelsea v liverpool lfc - watch free live facupfinal stream on - need a uk ip see ..rt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror liverpool please allow u to win in peace. thank you cfcrt robertpayne_12 need 10 to reach 450 followers. please help chelsea fan cfc thanks  easportsfifa fifa doent lie and is say lfc are a 4.5 star team declineim nervous already facup ynwaa little nervous about the game facupfinalrt empireofthekop rt henrywinter front of 10 cfc v lfc fa cup final programme.. drogba v skrtel the drinking commences again in t-minus 1 hour officialdanl facuprt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt supazeez rt if u want chelseafc to win.if you want to look for muppets go to wembley where the facupfinal is taking place. there are ten of thousand of them.rt oliverkaytimes rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..today is the day that i love my mum so much for paying for espn familyluvintweet facupfinalrt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl reckon chelski have got this in the bag.. facupfinalrt itvfootball .. or watch all of liverpool s fa cup-winning goal lfc facupfinaltoday is dragging like tl s mum tit on the floor hurry up facupfinalkeano is looking good in the studio facuprt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off my bros.. liverpool v chelsea at 12am nanti facupfinal pidazlin sabahinfo kkcityrt beccajames6 babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa final lfcmy brother and dad doing what is right scousenoteng lfc jimboardman facupfinal rt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror come on chelsea cfcrt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.fa cup final on at 5 15 two week before the end of the season.. devalued facup justnotthesamethere s gordon strachan now aswell lufc facupfinalhenderson amp spearing will have to play the best game of their life today. come on facupfinal lfc ynwa chelseafc will be cheering you on from a warm dubai. all the best. cfcso chiles is shite yes facup mattlawexpress maybe they re hoping some of the winning mentality rub off not happy with it.chelsea v. liverpool at noon may put a damper on today s motivation. facupi reckon the f.a cup final will go to penalty lfc ynwajust waitin for taxi off tonesmark then on it for facupfinal chokin go pint of peroni. come on you red ynwa steviegthelegendgareth southgate is soo boring that it almost unbearable. facup facupfinal wil miss cahill and luiz who are not playing..  fran_tastic1 me to lfcchelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfinal sl big andy look good in a suit lfc itv arsenalfcview darrenarsenal1 that will look good on a thursday night on channel 5 bottler zakwhitbread love child of gordon stracken.. lol facupfinal wembley already seat are looking good cfc has there been a cup final when both manager of the club playing have won it a player facup byrnie1996 yeh i m slightly nervous but i ve gone even bolder and said 3-2 liverpool lfcsuarez rocking the custom lfc beats by dre headphone  cfc merely f n amazing bored come on you blues cfccome on liverpool lfcthe fight to save school sport go on by shamikdas facupfinal london2012 olympics gamesoverfilmrt bethany_lfc plastic team plastic fan plastic flags. chelsea fc. lfc facup rumoured team ha carroll on the bench can t say im happy about that defo would have started the big man lfc ynwart indostevieg let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwaliverpool 2-1 after extra time ynwa facupour commentator jon champion and chris waddle are making last minute note facupfinal lfc cfcthis pic say it all toilnotoil lfc hmm.. my dennis wise crush seem to be confusing many people lol - cfcwembleyhello being played at wembley a the two team arrive nice touch facupfinal liverpooldeep the fridge ready for facupfinal lfc  mattlawexpress why doe ur face look like a fucking moron oh wait it cuz u are one mattlawexpress thanks for the salt in the wound.cup final day on route to pub come on lfc let s do this rt nybluescfc facup rise and shine today we lift the cup and watch king kenny cry. to all the blue supporter club sing loud and ..rt glenoco free lfc flag placed on the seat at wembley. who do they think we are chelsea counting down for this match d c mon boy lfc lt 3 lt 3rt rickglanvill chelsea are unbeaten in 22 fa cup match excluding penalty shoot-outs since losing 0-1 to barnsley in march 2008. ..rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.walk on with hope in your heart and you ll never wall alone facupreina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez lfcrumours coming out of wembley andy carroll could be on bench facupfinalrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt ohsammysammy rt anfieldonline wembley 3 time in a year and could still be 4 times. long live the king trophy lfcrt stevefowler we re on our way to wembley. in our liverpool-built liverpool coloured range rover evoque. lfc ynwa  antondotnet good luck with your team prodigyj leeannfourie cfc facupfinal thaanks  wembley ready for the final facup.. nat_truscott cfc s physio girl is actually quite fit. she s damm hotback to winning way against kinky now for food and fa cup final with georgekeep cfcfa cup final tonight liverpool or chelsea lfc cfccan t wait for the facupfinal. flair and good football goodtimesrt robertpayne_12 need 10 to reach 450 followers. please help chelsea fan cfc thanks rt stevefowler we re on our way to wembley. in our liverpool-built liverpool coloured range rover evoque. lfc ynwa rt supazeez rt if u want chelseafc to win.what time is kick off facupfinal goatshead1983 fusco84 aaron_gordon123 seann89 stephensexton2 aggers15 donaldcrawford1 hopin for depressed scouser facuprt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..blue is the colour go chelsea facupfinalrt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with itcome on chelsea cfc lfc facupwont be able to watch first half of the liverpool v chesea match a ill be in the church. ill be sayin my prayer lfc ynwafrom 4 on bbcnewcastle newcastleeagle amp durhamcricket reaction dunstonutsfc favase preview facup final preview  xnisha1x lool yup i m soo nervous for the match jus hope we win lfc akaswedishchef yeah of course could it could not possibly have anything to do with the actual player on the pitch p lfccome on chelsea beat the sucm.. wish torres score facupfinal chelseafc cfcwembley en-route to wembley to see cfc take the facup home come on you blues cfc cfc cfc cfc cfc cfc cfc cfc cfchow the hell are itv able to show 2 hour of pre-match build up ahead of the facup finalrt oliverkaytimes rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe .. simonrim timlovejoy i m sure tim is loving it in the lfc box because he know quality when he see it xwe did it in cardiff in 2006 and we ll do it again tonight. lfc ynwaliverpool ftw facupfinali m hoping for my poor dad sake that chelseafc win today rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezscary rt siobhankeeley lfc starting xi for fa cup final pepe johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing .. rt livechonews an early picture to get you in the mood - pick that out stevieg lfc facupgod stemning utenfor the torch wembley facup why is gareth southgate on the itv football panel i have a many fa cup winner medal a him for fucksake facup darrenarsenal1 exact phrase in my head we ve been heading for this all season.cracks papered over with that good run.rt empireofthekop chelsea v liverpool lfc - watch free live facupfinal stream on - need a uk ip see .. chelseafc if you are thinnking you may have dobts i know chelsea is winning the fa cupplaced my first bet today on chelsea beating liverpool facupfinalrt empireofthekop chelsea v liverpool lfc - watch free live facupfinal stream on - need a uk ip see ..rt empireofthekop chelsea v liverpool lfc - watch free live facupfinal stream on - need a uk ip see ..5live and now we go over to the great hall where david baddiel is waking to speak to us.. and people want hour more build up facupwhat matter the most is keep on winning lfcon my way to wembley con eddywynne come on chelsea cfc djdavepope yes currently drinking black coffee in thenorthlondontavern in kilburn heading to wembley in 15mins lfc facup clubsanukrt empireofthekop chelsea v liverpool lfc - watch free live facupfinal stream on - need a uk ip see .. matthewlumby madscouser72 it is. i am in no way associated with any other parody account lfc included.ready for the football such a big wain when these match come on haha lfc scouse.1 rt sportonthebox facupfinal live chelsea v liverpool - espn s 3d coverage available on sky 3d from 4.45pm commentators raecomm ..would have liked carroll to start but hey. come on the red lfc facupfinalthe countdown begin lfc offsidetweet fa cup final chelsea v liverpool live rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..fa cup final let s go chelsea cfc cfcusart empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa ..rt sportingintel lfc looking for 42nd major trophy to extend their record for an english club . cfc in search of 17th. table htt .. luis16suarez beat by dre with the liverbird needthem wantthem lfc ynwa facupfinal cfc road to the final portsmouth h 4-0 qpr a 0-1 birmingham h 1-1 birmingham a 0-2 leicester city h 5-2 spurs a 1-5.1 hour 20 minutes countdowntokickoff wembley ynwart henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror  lfc must win today come on reds come on lfc do u good ynwa  lfc come on the boy let bring this cup home tobig day for my sport teams. nyr cfcrt zoeea his name is luis suarez he wear the famous red ynwa lfc c mon you blues facupfinalthe great hall seems to be full of lfc fans. the loudest cheer when shot of the team arriving were shown on the big screens. facupfinaljust rushed home in time to catch the 2nd half of the facup.nerves nerve nerves. i can t stick this any longer. off to the pub it is for a few pre-matchers. come on you mighty reds. lfc ynwart indoglenjo2 rt bethany_lfc plastic team plastic fan plastic flags. chelsea fc. lfc facup buzzing for the facupfinal cfcrt empireofthekop chelsea v liverpool lfc - watch free live facupfinal stream on - need a uk ip see ..rt mrjakehumphrey shh..surely no-one will notice if i borrow it for my mantelpiece will they.. facupfinal football banter let s go facup dream ynwa facupfinal rt masap03 i think chelsea can beat liverpool for fafinalcup match tonightrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl so this year facup started way back on august 20th with bedlington terriers v whickham. 761 elimination later only lfc and cfc remainwould like to wish my lovely granddad a happy 69th birthday he never fails to make me smile and he s a huge lfc fan c mon you reds xx brighton_barca fingers crossed today d lfc2nd half is ours crewealex .. fight back lad 3points playoff wembley . . 16unbeaten make it happen rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..can t even describe how nervous i am come on liverpool lfc ynwacome on you reds lfc facuprt livecholfc tweet u what s happening at wembley either a picture or update using lfcwembleyno mood to do work come on bluess cfc eligreear hey are you watching the final lfc cfc thelfc101thanks for the plastic flag fa but no thanks dontbuythesun lfcmissing the fa cup for soccer game cfcthe flag come easily off the end so it can double up a a giant drink straw facupfinal lfc rt robertpayne_12 need 10 to reach 450 followers. please help chelsea fan cfc thanks it s a reds day facupfinal liverpool liverpudlian you llneverwalkalone memories parkinsondan when i banged you at golf you dented that taxi from pitch and putt.. omg then bbq at yours oneyeartoday facupbuzzing can t wait for kick off lfcwith just over an hour to go just been offered a ticket from someone at the game. i m in st helen s. this ha ruined my day lfcanyone know the facupfinal score oh wait some twat moved it to a 5.15pm kick off. disgracequestion to all unbiased fan chelsea or liverpool for the win facupfinalkeep blue flag fly high.. d rt biyatiful rezza_evertonfc yapiuye callme_ulul ktbffh cfc chelseaoff to pub to watch footie with katherinew89 and mimmallet. come on liverpool lfc wishiwasatwembleyrt khayadlanga i m all kind of nervous for this chelsea v liverpool match. teamlfc lfc ryanbabel sent off already defo wanted to get home to watch the fa cup final hahaha legend lfcthoroughly deserved win for yorkshirecc now i just need lfc to win which they will xgonna throw away the bad feeling and hoping chelsea will win the cup no chelsea must win cfcsuarez there with his lfc dre beatcome on chelsea let s do this thing only hour and a half away d chelseafcsort ya teeth out saurez lfcrt neem77 rt zoeea his name is luis suarez he wear the famous red ynwa lfc i want borussia dortmund s mats hummels to be a chelsea player. yes google him he s good cfc chelseafc hope you have got a space in that dressing room for the cup good luck not that you will need itrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl our liverpool on fox soccer via youtube lfc here we go production begin today can liverpool just relaxx 2day..this one is ours to take.. cfcwell that wa a positive intro to the suarez piece not facupfinalwhy the fuck isn t carroll playing and henderson is ain t gunna win with that team lfc ynwart officialsf1team wishing all the best to chelseafc in the facupfinal wembley let s get the trophy rt mufcshirts racist bastard v racist bastard in today s facupfinal magic of the cup hey come on liverpool let lift the cup and show the blue how it done lfc lfctvtypical fuckin shite itv sport coverage focusing on the negative of liverpool and suarez. fuck off you third rate channel lfc lfc player out assessing the pitch. no white suit this time cfc facupfinal i hope the liverpudlians in their slum are able to get itv1 on their box livieyoung08 cfcrt indostevieg let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwa daxbaxter71 wa you at the youth cup semi at the bridge v utd yes i was.. amp all other home games.. cfc ktbffh rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.wembley we have arrived lfc facupfinal rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt paulrogerslfc the kid poster on our minibus facupfinal lfc rt _huangg we did it in cardiff in 2006 and we ll do it again tonight. lfc ynwadidier drogba must start. he s scored in all fa cup final he s played in 3 and won them all too. man for the occasion. cfc wembleykingwe ve got the move like agger lfc it s raining wembley apparently we all know what that mean p cfc torresrt _huangg we did it in cardiff in 2006 and we ll do it again tonight. lfc ynwart chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfinalsiap2 pergi ke wembley .. bring the trophy home lad ynwart talksport former liverpool captain say league position is more important than cup win lfcrt oliverkaytimes rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..when s this fucking match start facupfinalcome on you blue so want chelsea to win chelseafcfa cup later and ranger .. hoping for a good day facupfinal rangersrt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror let s hope liverpool will be lifting the cup lfc neverwalkalonert official_ntfc the boro sports bar boro v swansea on the screen now ahead of the fa cup bonanza draw at 4 followed by therealfacup ..the team have left the hotel..john terry suspiciously sneaking out of a team-mates room.. facupfinalnvs busy cinquo de mayo soccer football day. first facup on tv then bccoastalcup in richmond then whitecapsfc pussinbooze rie11 lfc i can see the likeness saffron would do that with the keyboard lolthe beat suarez is wearing..are from lebron james ..all the player got a pair lfcrt chelseaanalysis didier drogba must start. he s scored in all fa cup final he s played in 3 and won them all too. man for the occ .. whatsonbarkick the side of the fa cup being played at 3pm after end of season and being shown on bbc facuprt love4lfc kenny look very cool in his suit..would like to see him with some dark shade on lol facupfinalrt nasir_bin_laden liverpool please allow u to win in peace. thank you cfcrt lee36simmons my brother and dad doing what is right scousenoteng lfc jimboardman facupfinal rt chelseaanalysis didier drogba must start. he s scored in all fa cup final he s played in 3 and won them all too. man for the occ ..come on you blue cfc cfcpics mana2 rt liaverpool nonbar facupfinal with bigreds_iolsc rolling stone cafe w 16 others almost time for andy caroll to earn his pay. get in liverpool. lfc ynwa facup final today. come on chelsea.rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl oh god why.. rt darrenarsenal1 rt arsenalfcview if anyone cares. here is the official new kit. revealed monday. rt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror  facup 2hours of chiles drivel what the douche then clashing with thevoiceuk sod watching it then shouldhavebeena3oclockkickoffpumped for the fa cup final bitches. on the vodka reddies and firing early bonesharman hendos_heros western_nuffy lfc dirk_18_kuytlooking forward to facupfinal now.. bets have been placed amp now just gotta wait for the final whistle getting increasingly more nervous now. come on you redmen bring it home lads. facupfinal lfc ynwa.so who do we think will win today chelseavliverpool facupmy bad i meant to say liverpool - chelsea xp facupfinalrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..red or blue yah .. the red deh facupfinalrt chelseaanalysis didier drogba must start. he s scored in all fa cup final he s played in 3 and won them all too. man for the occ ..now to find an lfc friendly bar in nyc for the fa cup final chelsea v liverpool facupfinalcome on red give u the cup double facup lfcandy carroll arriving with his two social worker who are still struggling to find foster parent facup andycarrollrt sisteers chelsea fan turning hillsborough into tribal point scoring is sick and disgraceful. that club is everything that is wron ..i ve got a beer with an orange in it.. .we better win our this may turn out a one of my poorer decision lfc let s go you beautiful big red men bring the cup home to anfield lfc ynwa facupfinalrt empireofthekop beccajames6 babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa final lfc lt -tehehe rt harshwon arsenal flopped norwich must be buzzin u v all got a couple hour b4 the facupfinal 2 check out some nandsmusic ..rt indostevieg let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwart chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembleyvictory is ours legoo blue chelseafc facupfinal wembleyi can only pray for a liverpool victory this evening ynwa lfc facupfinaljust over an hour until kick off cfcwembley henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror wobblelewgo go go lfc. when we stand together a a family we can achive great thing ynwa rt lucasleiva87 wembley did you see that arsenal match so unlucky they should ve had it roll on facup final.. who do you have your money on they ve got fookin plastic flag on every seat joke chelseaathome facupfinalrt robertpayne_12 need 10 to reach 450 followers. please help chelsea fan cfc thanks my prediction for the day ha to be lfc 2-1 but an extra time winrt empireofthekop chelsea v liverpool lfc - watch free live facupfinal stream on - need a uk ip see ..suarez v torres facup no mention of john terry s racism investigation yet itv jump on suarez. bias facupas if i start work the second chelsea and liverpool kick off wounded cfcrt polly_anna_h ooh getting nervous and excited now comeonredmen lfc snaptheflag lfcts line up reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard downing bellamy suarez come on lad facupfinal ynwafinal final final final finally become the winner lfc buzz81 today plmecc can sit back and enjoy the epic clash between our teams. facup cfc lfc big game 2day come on red men let s lift that cuppoll who win the fa cup final lfc or chelseafcgo go reds lfcblue is the color watching chelsea win the fa cup in delaware usa do it boy chelseafc cfcwembleyrt hamzanumber1 henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johnc ..rt chelseaanalysis didier drogba must start. he s scored in all fa cup final he s played in 3 and won them all too. man for the occ .. stefansavidge i m always into the facupfinal. two inconsistent side mean it cld be a good spectacle for the neutral today. fussballnutter you up watching the game tonight hope your cheering the blue on roast cfcwembleypuja v david he. .he. . lfc juara ka tidak nicrt davidvickyaries let me hold you one last timert sisteers chelsea fan turning hillsborough into tribal point scoring is sick and disgraceful. that club is everything that is wron ..fa cup final come on lfc ynwavideo chelsea s ramires will be the key man in the fa cup final say stm pundit pauleurostm cfc lfcrt richard_buxton_ lfc player out assessing the pitch. no white suit this time cfc facupfinal in blue we trust c mon u blue cfci really ought to set off soon. lumbygoestowembley facupfinalrt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror if by kipling. it s time for the boy of lfc to walk with the king a men. ynwacongrats insert winner amp fuck off insert loser that ugly racist idiot won t get to lift the cup for u today facupfinal earlytweet arturpetrosyan headed to radio city shortly. tough to predict this one a you said but leaning toward an lfc win. just a feelingrt wrahman26 torres hatrick tonight.. gna lift for the game against liverpool facupfinalbets for the facupfinal gus poyet is from uruguay hmm facupfinalrt bensmithbbc if lfc win the fa cup today it would be dalglish s 28th major honour at the club. cfc have won 22 trophy in their h ..rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it jackcbailey waiting for the fa cup final lfcrt emmapollard84 chelseafc carefree wherever we may be i m on my way to wembleyy coyb cfcliverpool need to go in this game on fire lfcphoto of damientweet at wembley for facupfinal with gregmurphyuk - congratulation on winning our competition. rt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt lewisdench the script is written for torres to score the winning goal facupfinal pegdeg futoomph but what s the 5fiftheme of today s facupfinal bbcchrishawkins teatowelclubreally fancy the pool today let s hope they destroy chelsea comeonthepool lfc facupfinal rt foxsoccer poll who win the fa cup final lfc or chelseafcfans cfc and lfc dilarang ber mention rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..it s 1am hubby is in his best reds gear while he nervously wait for the facupfinal to start. cheering on lfc all the way from australiart adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool ..chelsea duh rt foxsoccer poll who win the fa cup final lfc or chelseafcrt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror  gullitr yeah.. chelseafc all the way..say hi to ray for me..we miss you guys..rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare .. chelseafc go all out boy the sky is blue already the day is chelsea s. foxsoccer poll who win the fa cup final lfc or chelseafc lfc i think i hate adrian chiles more than hodgeomatic hate piersmorgan helmet facupfinalrt richard_buxton_ lfc player out assessing the pitch. no white suit this time cfc facupfinal  facupfinal liverpoolahh fa cup final lfc all the way facupfinals ynwa gogolbordello on the facup final day. loving itatmosphere really building now on wembley way plenty of singing from bit set of supporters. facupfinalrt indostevieg let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwa facupfinal to be honest this our real chance of silverware cfcwembley lereesen khenciepitchside view safe facup lol rt bethany_lfc plastic team plastic fan plastic flags. chelsea fc. lfc facup rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..normally i wouldn t say this but go chelseafc can t stand suarez and bellamybuzzing of the espn technical area facupin fact all the goal seem to be open. grobbelaar s influence is lasting indeed. facuprt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..come on liverpool facupfinal lfc kenny start carroll rt ahmaddanny liverpool to lift the cup tonight ynwa lfc ffactoryny chelsea v liverpool - live at.. i wish i wa there facupfinal cfc ktbffhrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt simonpeach cannot believe it is now nine year since i saw saintsfc in the facupfinal. that said i think the good time are retu ..come on liverpoolfc livecholfc ynwa being sung by the red army in the wembley tavern lfcwembley no crazy white and red suit from liverpool which is disapointing socceram facupfinal shockingsuitsseeing a though suarez and terry are both playing today the referee ha been encouraged to not wear his black kit facupfinalthe facupfinal will be one to remember. dstevenson10 big day for lfc. taking home that facup. kingkenny suarez gerrard elcaballort chelseaanalysis didier drogba must start. he s scored in all fa cup final he s played in 3 and won them all too. man for the occ ..rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt oughton8 who win the facupfinal today my favorite team lfc besides crew96 or the in form chelsea common you reds rt chelseaanalysis didier drogba must start. he s scored in all fa cup final he s played in 3 and won them all too. man for the occ ..right off to wembley good luck for the rest of the day newmarket goodwood lfc facup aveitin situ in boozer for hopefully another fine lfc cup success  ruggie_23 surely watching the game tonight facup1 more hour facupfinal pitherscfc chelseaboy89 3-0 mata drog lamp any thing will do mate can t c livershite causin to much problem tbh cfc ktbffhdevastating rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with itrt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror chelsea team are the first to arrive at wembley. cfc rt empireofthekop chelsea v liverpool lfc - watch free live facupfinal stream on - need a uk ip see ..hoy seremos campeones por el honor de nuestros colores today we will be champion for the honor of our color chelsea cfcwembley rt sportingintel lfc looking for 42nd major trophy to extend their record for an english club . cfc in search of 17th. table htt ..rt indostevieg let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwaflying high up in the sky we ll ktbffh from stamford bridge to wemb er ley we ll ktbffh cfc ktbffhkickoff approach facupfinal cfc blue is the colorrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt menofshankly fuck off chelsea fc you ain t got no history 5 european cups and 18 leagues that s what we call history. lfc cf ..rt gerardmiddleton .. we had heighway on the wing we had dream and song to sing.. all the glory.. ynwa lfc facupfinal wembleythere s no fear supporting chelsea rt kwame_sika wait and see drogba cfcwembley rt el_iyke haven t cont rt bbcsportsworld atmosphere really building now on wembley way plenty of singing from bit set of supporters. facupfinalrt tequisha_guerna come on chelsea cfc thebest gonnawin alltheway lfc come on we can do this liverpool liverpool liverpoolrt foxsoccer poll who win the fa cup final lfc or chelseafc chelseafc to win. any question nah didn t think so drt accowarso rt mirandareds no matter what liverpoolfc in my heart ynwa facupfinalquick shower then out for the footy.. come on lfc make sure you batter those southern fairy  facupfinal come on you reds rt ishy_licia teamlfc ynwalet s do this rt wwebb_11 cfc ctid coyb ktbffh facupfinal cfcwembley rt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror i wish i wa at wembley.. let s go reds ynwa lfc foxsoccer obviously it s lfcespns graphic pad thing is so bent facuprt empireofthekop chelsea v liverpool lfc - watch free live facupfinal stream on - need a uk ip see ..let s take it home lads lfc anfieldonline at the hood putting preparation in for fa cup come on chelseafcrt richard_buxton_ lfc player out assessing the pitch. no white suit this time cfc facupfinal just got to wembley..no sign of millwall tho cfc ktbffhrt itvfootball a behind the scene peek at how our graffiti-style fa cup final montage wa put together cfc lfc gym time.. sweat it all out before the football start lfc ynwa wecandothisrt oliverkaytimes rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..reina johnson skrtel agger enrique downing spearing henderson bellamy gerrard suarez lfcrt lfcreds4life lfc starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez.f.a cup final day come on the chels cfc darrenarsenal1 any news on bacary sagna i heard he broke his fibula again which will make him miss euro n pre-season.will make my day if chelsea beat liverpool today facupfinalrt richard_buxton_ lfc player out assessing the pitch. no white suit this time cfc facupfinal  kendog92 how u doing whats ur prediction cfcitv bringing up the luis suarez racism row again leaveityeah facupfinal theanfieldwrap robgutmann jimboardman looks like peter hooton got the line-up right facupfinal lfcrt juanmata10 we take 3 important point from birmingham and a picture with the great cuellar24 cfc getting ready to make my way to the pub with the father cuz amp a few pal along the way.. buzzing for the final cfc blueisthecolour rt mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..nearly 4pm and still watching the build up ffs facupi don t need a plastic flag i support lfc not cfc thefa plasticflagoutrage john terry i will never turn my back on my country cfc come on u red men it r this ynwa lfcrt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl rt 1 younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow. juanmata10 comeonyoublues cfc facupfinal give u some goal today liverpool starting xi v chelsea reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez. facup  mrscottjcarter just getting ready for the showdown lfc ynwa ryancfc_ nw following..feel free to follow back bro cfc family.really hope we wipe the smug smile of the plastic face today lfc facupfinalrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin .. lfc liverpool facupfinal facup bring it home rt sportingintel lfc looking for 42nd major trophy to extend their record for an english club . cfc in search of 17th. table htt ..rt thechelseaway john terry is set to make his 50th fa cup appearance. legend. cfcrt liverpoolfcgh lfc starting xi - reins johnson skate anger enrique speaking henderson downing gerard bell amy juarez.rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl rt chelseaanalysis didier drogba must start. he s scored in all fa cup final he s played in 3 and won them all too. man for the occ ..rt oliverkaytimes rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..rt robertpayne_12 need 10 to reach 450 followers. please help chelsea fan cfc thanks skrtel to score first..chelsea to win in penos facup blue is the colour.. teamchelsea we believe facupnot long now. lfc facupfinal  john terry i will never turn my back on my country cfc cant wait chelseafc we gast beat liverpoolfc foxsoccer chelseafc di knew 2012 f.a winneri m buzzing for the fa cup final lfcrt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl my sister ha put a bet on for liverpool to win can t wait to watch the game come on liverpool ynwa lfctv lfcc mon lfc wish i wa back at wembley.rt oliverkaytimes rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..rt lfcreds4life lfc starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez.wembers looking ready lfcthe fa cup is ours cfcrt lewisdench the script is written for torres to score the winning goal facupfinal1050-1 on liverpool to be 3-0 down at half time then pull it back facup doneitbeforert espntvuk our commentator jon champion and chris waddle are making last minute note facupfinal lfc cfcciting on ma strong on ma chair teamchelsea cfcrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt chelseaanalysis didier drogba must start. he s scored in all fa cup final he s played in 3 and won them all too. man for the occ ..the match doesn t even kick off for another hour and 20 minute i hate tv buildup. facupfinalrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt lloydowusu hope 2 get up and watch the facupfinal with cam8710 iainramsay_17 soon. tired.com kaur92 yup lfc match is on dforget all that pre match stuff i just want to see the game facupfinal lfc it look packed outside the torch big game soon.. liverpoolfc show chelsea what you got you can do it rt livecholfc looking to calm pre-match nerve read our exclusive interview with carra lfc facupcom on chelsea i want that cup tonight cfc facup jephri_ kick off 4 ryt lfcrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl if you ever needed confirmation suarez is a bad tit there he is wearing a bright red pair of beats with an lfc badge tacked on them.come on liverpool facupfinal. liverpoolfc good luck win it for all of the red armyrt andygillooley the lineup for the lfc supporter club in vancouver at 7.30 this morning. facupfinal rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..really hope liverpool win tonight lfc ynwapopping out quickly to meet someone back then facupfinal time game day.. come on lfc liverpoolfc lfc to win facupfinal vicebuwaslick craigbigbro1 helen_kc gerrard8fanpage mikeyfisher_2-1 chelsea torres to bag the winner fairytale facupfinalrt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror 1 nil drogba i reckon today but don t really care a long a the red shite don t win liverpool passed lfc k_hicks11 that jellyfish yall have is tough rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with it.good luck cfc chelseafc rt liverpool rt thurman_ms liverpool go get them red delvano lfc waiting the blue v liverpool facupfinal y big game shit league season lfcrt toola_lfc the beat suarez is wearing..are from lebron james ..all the player got a pair lfchands up who else wa a touch relieved when they saw black suit facup lfcrt seputar_lfc facup liverpool v chelsea . jam 23.15 wib . live mnc tv . you ll never walk alone quite a hatchett job they re doing on suarez here itv facupfinal lfc cfcdavid luiz ha arrived at wembley.. cfc rt empireofthekop chelsea v liverpool lfc - watch free live facupfinal stream on - need a uk ip see .. sir_back2lay right off to wembley good luck for the rest of the day newmarket goodwood lfc facup aveit rubbing it in enjoygreat got a bar in tossa where the facup is on.. ktbffh carefree i have a very bad feeling about this. lfcbreaking news confirmed lfc starting xl yassin  philmcnulty i think that s the one lebron gave the team when he came to liverpool. lfc chelseafc all russian fan with you come on you chelsea cfcwembley facupfinalchelsea supporters the blue army is alive c mon blues keep the blue flag flying high cfcstarting to feel sick think it is facup nerve the result will effect the rest of my year honestly takethings to heart aspiert adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool ..basically being dragged to the pub by clownley so i m definitely gonna go ape shit when liverpool score facupfinalrt football_tweet_ david luiz ha arrived at wembley.. cfc 3 - on all three occasion lfc had beaten everton in an fa cup s f before this season the reds went on to lose the final. cfc facupfinallong before i lived in uk i started noticing stylish cool looking cfc with great facup win amp amp loss amp amp been supporter sinceafternoon people ready for huge game lfc v cfcshirt on beer chilled got got to pick daughter up from work then it game on lfc facupfinalrt super_spotter blue is the colour.. teamchelsea we believe facupwoop woop rt fantasticfu dina_alnaib 3-2 for liverpool lfc v cfc matthenderson75 you in yet atmosphere must be grea lfc ynwa foxsoccer lfc chelseafc taking chelsea on streak for the cash.now for the fa cup final. goes without saying i want chelsea to win liverpool in a final just upset me facup henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror lolzrt chelsea4girls just over an hour until kick off cfcwembleysatu jam menuju piala fa let s burn wembley with your blue fire chelseafc fire up fire up fire up chelseafc theblues ktbffhwee man ready lfc rt chelseaanalysis didier drogba must start. he s scored in all fa cup final he s played in 3 and won them all too. man for the occ ..rt indoglenjo2 rt bethany_lfc plastic team plastic fan plastic flags. chelsea fc. lfc facup rt bethany_lfc liverpool have arrived at wembley lfc espnrt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror  johncrossmirror when i wished arsenal fan a miserable weekend i didn t mean this miserable even a a newcastle fan gutted for sagna..you can buy our 50 million striker but you ll never buy our history. lfcnot long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facuprt chelseaanalysis didier drogba must start. he s scored in all fa cup final he s played in 3 and won them all too. man for the occ ..1 more hour to facupfinal c mon you reds ynwacome oon you reds ynwa facup luis16suarez to scorert indostevieg let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwart chelsea_pls chelsea supporters the blue army is alive c mon blues keep the blue flag flying high cfc lfc we can do this not long to go now onsidedk football you never walk alone lfcrt _imtakingover_ 1 more hour facupfinalhopeful it chelsea that wins.a lesser evil amp club practically down the road from my house most importantly bcos i want 2 taunt lfc fan rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..loving the tweet from ex player lfc lfcfamily foxsoccer lfc a real club with real fan and actual historyrt ekotchi fa cup final. time for chelsea to get their first trophy of the season cfcrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again ready for this fa cup final chelseafc v liverpool.. let s go blues chelsea vs liverpool facupi don t care if lfc score the winner off of the post or gerrard s arse..as long a stevie lift the fa cup at the end ynwain the royal george cottingham. got my seat sorted for the footy facuprt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror rt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror rt richard_buxton_ lfc player out assessing the pitch. no white suit this time cfc facupfinal rt zoeea his name is luis suarez he wear the famous red ynwa lfc really impressed by espntvuk s coverage of the facupfinal. makes it feel like a big deal. lfc come on boy let just win this no messing around this time bring home the silverware facupfinal liverpool jft96 lfc lfcfamilytoday andy will head saurez will curve gerrad will shot from long range .today is the day when lfc will win fa cup. gerrard8fanpage lfc olddirtywalker another canadian cheering on the lfc youllneverwalkalone whoopwhoopthis business report will get written because i will not miss chelsea lift the fa cup chelsea facupfinalrt football_tweet_ david luiz ha arrived at wembley.. cfc looking forward to the facupfinal. chelsea all the way rt adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool .. lfc hope a red at wembley ha got a big banner terry do you know where your missus is drogba should start today.. cfc facup kingofwembleycome on tim facupfinal henmaniain jubilee year i m looking fwd to seeing which royal is presenting the facup .rt jjdippz my bros.. liverpool v chelsea at 12am nanti facupfinal pidazlin sabahinfo kkcitystage is set. facupfinal caarefree where ever.. cfcrt soaring_paul water back on approx 5pm best you get to commy facupfinalcontrol is everything. facup cfc lfc footballcome on liverpool lfc ynwa facup hausofniamh dont worry the blue will do what they hafta do cfcthe espn 3d thing is shit facupi m thinking about fa cup getglue facuprt dwiharsuwendo you can buy president big plane fancy yacht and ton of pie for fat frank . but you can never buy our history . ..i really need to make a move and get to wembley lfc come on you redss you can do this. ynwa lfcsteven gerrard ha just come out onto the pitch. facupfinal lfc cfc temrysslane facupfinals cfc let s go chelsea wembley way around half 1 this afternoon. liverpool fan everywhere lfc rt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa rt adamrichman wishing i could bring myself to like either team in today s facupfinal - if i were a crip or a blood i might be able t ..ahh liverpool game tonight come on you red facupfinal lfc ynwafa cup final.. better than superbowl facuprt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror not long left till kick off cfc facupits not cheating if you re caught and punished facup suarezmay chelsea come out a the fa cup winner cfc goblues rt adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool .. baxter_man kolo_martin ollyted who ya goin fur lad facup therealsambora can i get a rt in support of liverpoolfc in the facupfinalrt toola_lfc the beat suarez is wearing..are from lebron james ..all the player got a pair lfchahaha.. rt bethany_lfc plastic team plastic fan plastic flags. chelsea fc. lfc facup rt chelseaanalysis didier drogba must start. he s scored in all fa cup final he s played in 3 and won them all too. man for the occ ..few hr left for facupfinal lets bring t trophy home ynwawembley is virtually our home ground we love the fa cup it in west london amp it robbies old happy hunting ground todayisblue cfcrt oliverproudlock amazing lunch now settling in for the big game. come on chels facup markaustinitv robertrea cfc leave hotel for facupfinal rt dimasdee satu jam menuju piala fa let s burn wembley with your blue fire chelseafc fire up fire up fire up chelseafc theb .. facupfinal pre match snack so i dont have to leave the telly when it kicked off mans organised you can buy president big plane fancy yacht and ton of pie for fat frank . but you can never buy our history . lfcalready had a kfc and got to drive our newcar. still got the facupfinal to come yet. today is a good day rt shammigill let u in ynwa facupfinal vancouver lfcvancouver rt viney93lfc ryanbabel sent off already defo wanted to get home to watch the fa cup final hahaha legend lfcblue is the color cfc carefree ktbffhrt robertpayne_12 need 10 to reach 450 followers. please help chelsea fan cfc thanks rt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facupso suarez ha always been a scum bag.. who knew facup itvliverpool cup double facup chelseafc cfcwembley can t wait to lift dat cup.. rt ajnspencer hands up who else wa a touch relieved when they saw black suit facup lfc chelsea v liverpool lfc - watch free live facupfinal stream on - need a uk ip see consigned rt d_e_v finally a good use for chelsea jersey at the pub lfcstill gutted i didn t get a ticket. never this nervous going to the game hate watching build up lfcoff to the pub it is then to get drunk with steviekirkham4 come on you reds lfc ynwathe facupfinal shouldn t be at 5 15 and shouldn t be on itvright time to get arse in gear puboclock facupfinal lfcrt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl  _shaws it s incredible what football doe to a grown man.i m a nervous wreck.hope they do lfc kenny supporter amp themselves justice ynwahello wembley lfc rt aussieeplfans tonight s big game is almost upon u liverpool v chelsea the fa cup final. who s your tip and the final score fa ..in jj moon at cfcwembley atmosphere electric with nickkielywe do not have history. that s why we re creating them cfcrt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..up chelsea up chelsea up chelsea up chelsea up chelsea facupfinalcome on liverpool facup lfcrt georgeysmart getting ready to make my way to the pub with the father cuz amp a few pal along the way.. buzzing for the final .. nathanmon seems concensus. chelsea it is. cfc ynwa rt hristogambostin holding hand with my lfc family we ve got this  joewillmiller the drinking commences again in t-minus 1 hour officialdanl facup prettyboozyladscene lfc come on boy let show torres why he should of stayed gym..smashed now to smash chelsum and their shitfans 3-0. cfc lfcdon t actually care that i m in the library for the facup build-up. god i hate itv s football coverage.come on come on come on lfclol espn still debating what the lfc team may be. they obviously don t follow duncanjenkinsfcrt indostevieg let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwart foxsoccer poll who win the fa cup final lfc or chelseafc ameerchooni sandhya2901 d_nish_b priyachavda good luck for the final. scream at the tv. facupfinal davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cfcwembley sl starting 11 reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez. ynwa lfc facupfinal facup is on which channel in mexico rt novembri_df final final final final finally become the winner lfcrt chelseaanalysis didier drogba must start. he s scored in all fa cup final he s played in 3 and won them all too. man for the occ ..rt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror rt oliverproudlock amazing lunch now settling in for the big game. come on chels facupi should probably get up and eat and go for a run before 5 15 shouldn t i facupfinalrt hillsboroughanf gates are open at anfield. fitting backdrop in local cafe window lfc misshanks rt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa good couple of pint at the station there .. home shower then facupfinal and more beer so two racist on either side suarez johnterry facup lfc player out inspecting the pitch at wembley. fans slowly starting to filter in. atmosphere building. lfc will win the facup finalgo chelseafc gort anfieldonline wembley 3 time in a year and could still be 4 times. long live the king trophy lfczelko in the house facupfinalrt thetractorsafc ian porterfield 5th may 1973 facup porterfieldhow you feelin tomkitchin lfc massiveday mattlawexpress it s look like arsenal kit. arsenal always arsenal not manur or tottenshitrt espntvuk steven gerrard ha just come out onto the pitch. facupfinal lfc cfc ugomonye off to see an lfc win  mattlawexpress there s been a mistake at nike kitswaprt richard_buxton_ lfc player out assessing the pitch. no white suit this time cfc facupfinal  foxsoccer chelseafc chelsea will winrt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcfa cup final day. yet another nerve racking afternoon awaits. come on chelsea let beat liverpool in a cup for once cfc comeonyoubluesrt richard_buxton_ lfc player out assessing the pitch. no white suit this time cfc facupfinal rt chelseaanalysis didier drogba must start. he s scored in all fa cup final he s played in 3 and won them all too. man for the occ ..johnson agger skrtel jose enrique .. please lfcrt umbro to win signed andy carroll speciali boot just rt this message before the end of today s facup cmon chelsea cfcwould love to know exactly what roy keane think about southgate s tie facuprt chelseaanalysis didier drogba must start. he s scored in all fa cup final he s played in 3 and won them all too. man for the occ ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..come on you blues chelseafc hoochdelaney lfc torres is going to haunt yechelsea v liverpool facupfinalrt richard_buxton_ lfc player out assessing the pitch. no white suit this time cfc facupfinal 85 min till ko. getting nervous lfcgot the shirt on lfc lfcwembley liverpool fbrt hillsboroughanf gates are open at anfield. fitting backdrop in local cafe window lfc misshanks rt theidontknowdou lfc we can do this not long to go now lfc come on red men do u proudtorres to score the today. facup factrt anfieldonline wembley 3 time in a year and could still be 4 times. long live the king trophy lfcwell aren t my boy looking lovely in their suits. cfcwembley facupfinalrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt gerrard8fanpage rt bethany_lfc love this banner. lfc geefjay rawk come on liverpool we love you ynwa facupfinal redsforever rt jordan_baller lfc to win the fa cup lfcpaced the house a few time now out of complete nervousness hurry up kick off. lfcforthedouble facupfinalnow that it halftime lfc fan riddle me this is a cup double a successful season feel sorry for carroll but i can see why kenny ha gone for bellamy. pace ha sinked chelsea last time we played em. lfcget our 1st cup tonight facupfinal chelseafcchelsea rt foxsoccer poll who win the fa cup final lfc or chelseafcrt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro .. facup final today chelsea v liverpool at 11 cmonchelseatraditional marching band doing their thing wembleystadium cfc lfc i watched liverpool in my first fa cup live on tv with my father in 1986 now i get to do it with my son. lfc ynwa decided to sack off culture in favour of the victoria sport bar facuprt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facuprt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcf sp d rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with itgetting ready to head out to watch the game with some boy from my club. come on you blues cfc ktbffh tonybarrettimes henrywinter oliverkaytimes lfc reina johnson skrtel agger enrique hendo spearing downing gerrard bellamy suarez lailarouass rooting for lfc today likeallthebestwomenrt super_spotter blue is the colour.. teamchelsea we believe facupthink ill have a few cider and the match facuprt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf .. mobootoluwani chill. what time is this final 5 abi 5 15 cfcrt ifreke rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and played on with itrt timlovejoy so met up with simonrim at wembley facup is this feature meant to make me like luis suarez or more of the opposite facupfinalluis garcia they called it the ghost goal i don t know why. it wa in it wa in. by bensmithbbc lfc facupfinalrt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl hoping liverpool deliver and send the blue scum home empty handed lfc facupfinalfacts and figures facupfinalwho do i hate more chelsea or liverpool has to be l pool so i m going for a chelsea win facuprt adit_kuyaa come on you redmen bring on the plastic club ynwa lfc 8elive bethany_lfc love this banner. lfc geefjay rawk brilliant itv seemed to think suarez s cheating amp biting is hilarious. facup dyansaputrii rt seputar_lfc facup liverpool v chelsea . jam 23.15 wib . live mnc tv . you ll never walk alone cannot wait for this big game from stevie please lfc lfcup early this morning ready for the fa cup final chelsea v liverpool cfcespn way behind sky with regard to prematch tactic build-up etc.. facup keownhasntacluec mon you red lfc ynwart chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..brilliant lfc  juanmata10 chelseafc im rookiei think im going to puke before ko. way too nervous my tummy is having a full blown circus show. lfc facupfinal lfc ynwa red men  lfc come on you mighty red sat watching lfctv since 8 this morning good luck lad go make u proud ynwascousers definitely in town red shirt amp accent everywhere but just seen open top bus with chelsea fan every1 s talking about it facuprt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf .. facupfinal football is the best game in the world and i am the biggest one out there. footy fan follow me and i wil follow you back if butterflies flap their wing in venezuela doe it still have the effect of drogba going down a soon a he get in attack facuprt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..just agreed to a win win bet. we win in munich and the tail goes. cfcrt hristogambostin holding hand with my lfc family we ve got this rt football_tweet_ david luiz ha arrived at wembley.. cfc rt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facup chelseafc goin for the cup today.. jgaffsthatdude jetlifenice morning watch avatar facup and back to the book thomasrobson93 soo nervous for facupfinal daycome on red men lfcrt connorhicko not long now. lfc facupfinal rt scouse_tweets spread the word - them free flag left on seat in wembley are getting swerved. only wool wave plastic flags. lfc ..rt richard_buxton_ lfc player out assessing the pitch. no white suit this time cfc facupfinal liverpool going to win lah sia facup ynwahope cfc do over lfc suarez dalglish amp fowler fuck off all of you  chelseafc johnterrygmf good luck to chelsea i know you will win 3-1 cfcwembley facupfinaltwitter on the laptop is wazz getting up at 1am for the facup to watch lfc notaproblem1 hour to go. let go red liverpool facupfinal ynwa foxsoccer lfc chelseafc chelsea win unless suarez pull off some heroicrt empireofthekop chelsea v liverpool lfc - watch free live facupfinal stream on - need a uk ip see ..rt football_tweet_ david luiz ha arrived at wembley.. cfc  facup my prediction chelsea 3-2 liverpoolrt chelsea4girls just over an hour until kick off cfcwembleychelsea in secret talk with super rich qatari khalid al thani. cfc  lfc suarez bashing again on itv fuckin bastardrt oliverkaytimes rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe .. alexmunns touche come on chelsea cfcrt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..rt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.wish i could be in wembley right now lfc red till i diert chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..so bunged up and ill but 1 beer down and plenty more to go come on you red lfcgttn ready for lfc let s go for it lad got my iced coffee and i am ready for the facupfinal comeonliverpoolrt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facupshelvey should ve started instead of spearing.strong lad lfcrt robertpayne_12 need 10 to reach 450 followers. please help chelsea fan cfc thanks liverpool ynwa lfcblue is the colour cfc cfc this is the time. cgderham i m a traditionalist chrissy. don t fuck with the facuprt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf .. bobwilsonbwsc thanks so so much. this ha made my season. guessing garethdparker had something to do with this. big love x up the arsenalrt johnsinnott luis garcia they called it the ghost goal i don t know why. it wa in it wa in. by bensmith ..the facupfinal train  taapzx chelseafc it s not even out yet you retard-.-rt lewiswiltshire for the cup final in england use the hashtag facupfinal to join the conversation with lfc chelseafc thefadotcom ..rt kamau_henry lacheymimi thank u welkam 2 lfc u won t regret ynwalove this facup feature on suarezrt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf .. mexzygovt who did tb joshua say wud win the facup chelsea or liverpool rt naziho_torres9 2 hour left till chelsea v liverpool facup final at wembley webelieveinchelsea wewillbechampions cfc wemb ..suarez is such a little scumbag. god i might have to support chelsea today facupfinalin the full season before suarez signed for liverpool he scored 49 goal in 48 game amazing record. luissuarez lfccome on liverpool lfcrt premierleague chelsea starting line-up cech ivanovic bertrand bosingwa terry meireles mikel ramires malouda sturridge to ..i know the odds are against u but come on liverpool make my day.. and our season. facupfinalin red pub bouncing to depech mode just can get enough pic later lfcabeg rain stop before 5 15pm o.. i wan watch facupfinalrt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.no white suit for lfc today facupcome on liverpool keep me on a high lfcso now i ll be tweeting about the fa cup final for the rest of today enjoy facup adidasuk will it be rightupdowningsstreet or wholetthedrogout you decide chelseafc fan v lfc fan facupfinal takethestage rt rtwatching the build up to the facupfinal suarez is an awesome player but what a cheating piece of shit .. themodfather09 on the train can t wait off to the gym now then back to watch the facupfa cup final time let s go mighty red lfc ynwajust got to the ground great banner scouse power lfc ynwa rt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..back again lfc around the field of anfield road..where once we watch the king kenny play..oh could he play.. lfci pray 4 d down fall of chelsea emmycate007 citing on ma strong on ma chair teamchelsea cfc rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facuprt espntvuk steven gerrard ha just come out onto the pitch. facupfinal lfc cfcrt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facupall this suarez propaganda is making me love him even more justcantgetenough facup lfcwish i wa at wem-ber-ley today. come on kd get the very best out of this average team. lfcrt super_spotter blue is the colour.. teamchelsea we believe facuprt football_tweet_ david luiz ha arrived at wembley.. cfc rt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin .. chelseaanalysis couldn t agree more he love the big wembley occasion drogba cfc wembleykingrt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..up late tonight hoping to see a chelsea win in the fa cup final theworldgame facupliverpool for the day facupfinalon the road to bantry for tonight gig. obviously had to stop at the bookie for a sneaky bet on the facupryan babel really wanted to watch u in the final he got sent off for hoffenheim lfc d_barnsy1991 were you watching it facup lfc espn on now can u get a bet on for what time john barnes burst lfcrt alvinzo 1 more hour to facupfinal c mon you reds ynwac mon you blue cfcwembleyliverpool s lineup v chelsea facupfinal via sharethis ericheaphy1 hoochdelaney lfc if he even get to play.luis suarez is a fuckin dog biting and a cheatin bastard hope he get twatted today facupfinalthe facup look beautiful with red and blue ribbons. shame it s pregame and they won t stay there. njhendybabes official_cpfc fypfanzinert johnsinnott luis garcia they called it the ghost goal i don t know why. it wa in it wa in. by bensmith .. luis16suarez to try con the ref today. facup factrt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..rt empireofthekop rt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarezhope drogba open the score sheet tonight cfc facuprt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facupliverpool had a bit of possession there but now the momentum seems to be with chelsea again. facuprt umbro to win signed andy carroll speciali boot just rt this message before the end of today s facup rt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facup bethany_lfc plastic team plastic fan plastic flags. chelsea fc. lfc facup quite funnyrt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..rt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facupnjagoin liverpool aku rt cevro chelsea v liverpool at 10.30pm on mnctv cfc will win the fa cuprt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..nice piece on luis suarez itv lfcrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt ghalibullah livecholfc ynwa being sung by the red army in the wembley tavern lfcwembley great occasion here at wembley. a lot riding on today for two great club - lfc and cfc. hope the game life up to expectations.rt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..rt johnsinnott luis garcia they called it the ghost goal i don t know why. it wa in it wa in. by bensmith ..come you red men let fookin have it ynwa lfcrt lfcreds4life reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing hendo gerrard bellamy suarez downing- confirmed lfc team.rt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facuprt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt zhanezainal the kops rules rt adrin78 liverbirdmy lfcmalaysia sharifahsofia ixudyn aluzee ynwa facupfinal wembleyrt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..liverpool or chelsea facupeverywhere is red facupfinalrt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facupaww itv praising suarez. . but not mentioning him being a dirty son of a bitch. biting opponent in holland and racial abuse in epl facupwant chelsea to win today facuprt seputar_lfc facup liverpool v chelsea . jam 23.15 wib . live mnc tv . you ll never walk alone rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa final lfcrt dezertratdj lol by now we would be half way into the 1st half..how time have changed - facupfinal5600e tweet for chelseafc comeonboys lovert oliverproudlock amazing lunch now settling in for the big game. come on chels facupyou are champion we always support you pride of london cfcrt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facuprt m2_edo yeah rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cup jammohapgood fook of cfc u aint got no history 5 ec 18leagues that wot we call history facup lfc av a good 1if lfc win today surely it s almost impossible to say it ha been a bad season. cynics and mancs aside of course. coyr ynwart righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facupcome on you reds bring the trophey home. ynwa lfc lt 3come on you blue chelseafcso glad i unfollowed henry winter. calling suarez a embarrassment. no lfc should follow that cuntband out at wembley for facupfinal gerrard not fussed on his mobilesuarez is one crazy but great player lfc ynwathe latest rumour from liverpool team there are no carroll in liverpool starting xi. is it true lfcrt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facuprt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..rt adidasuk t-minus two hours.. takethestage facupfinal captain fantastic gerrard better shut up chelsea fan who are riding on luck facupfinalrt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf .. tigger1675 i can t agree actually. i m looking forward to it. we all need to help to make facupfinal still special day in footy calendar.let s go reds lfc ynwart eminentkay chelseafc go all out boy the sky is blue already the day is chelsea s.rt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facupfirst pint down settling the nerves.. in the empire watching it. 2.95. beaut. let s go lfccome on cfc.. get a win hopefully i m predicting a 3-1 win torres first goal  lfc cfc royal band get going sometimes i hate living in wembley ladzladzladz facupfinal jamesreuben darrenarsenal1 same mistake every season. any other business someone would be sacked. at arsenal they get new contract rt mph1982 itv seemed to think suarez s cheating amp biting is hilarious. facup chelseafc come on chels who know when our next cup final will be oh wait that s right in 14 day cfc cfcwembley youbluesrt thechelseaway chelsea team are the first to arrive at wembley. cfcrt speedyhamilton chelsea to win facupfinal chelseart ghalibullah livecholfc ynwa being sung by the red army in the wembley tavern lfcwembley rt football_tweet_ david luiz ha arrived at wembley.. cfc rt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facupvery confident without question no matter the result liverpool fan will out sing out perform and out number those of chelsea lfc ynwavery liverpool-y build up thus far on itv. facup chelseafc for good reason cfc is somehow swiss go chelsea - go sauber f1 rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..luis suarez biggest twat in football facuprt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl 78 minute to go.. and about 120 more to see stevie lifting the cup facup wembley lfc steviegofficially toey now. partly because it s the facup final partly because i want to beat those chelsea bastard so very very much. lfcrt simonpeach really impressed by espntvuk s coverage of the facupfinal. makes it feel like a big deal.our skipper rt espntvuk steven gerrard ha just come out onto the pitch. facupfinal lfc cfcplease chelsea let win this for torres and meireles cfcrt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facuprt thisisanfield rt if the pre-match nerve are kicking in lfc facupfinalrt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..an hour to the fa cup final goo liverpool lfcpicture of the day rt danielkeay1 livecholfc riley 6 week old lfc rt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facuprt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out cont rt empireofthekop chelsea v liverpool lfc - watch free live facupfinal stream on - need a uk ip see ..terry v suarez who s the biggest racist clash facuprt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..i wa honestly very confident about the fa cup final given our recent performances. all that ha suddenly vanished. nervous cfcchelsea chelsea chelsea wembley love u and will feel so blessed if we win the fa cup there cfc wembleyisbluert righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facupmidget ginger kid taking on an army of scouser legend wembleyrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt super_spotter blue is the colour.. teamchelsea we believe facuprt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facup lfc player are out on the pitch soaking up the atmosphere at wembley ahead of the facup finalrt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror rt didz86 luis suarez is a fuckin dog biting and a cheatin bastard hope he get twatted today facupfinali don t think wenger appreciates the need 4 3rd place in the epl this season. thfc amp nufc lurking closely behind cfc may nick the uclcan neither of them win please cause chelsea will be smug a and liverpool will act like they have won the world cup facuprt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..rt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..just watching itv programme on suarez. what a complete scum of a person he is lfc facupfinalcome on you mighty reds let have a wembley hat trick. facupfinal lfc sugarshanem teamdanny_tvuk thescript_danny good luck to all were gonna smash it.xabout 1 hour to go between lfc and cfc luis suarez. controversial. but a bloody fantastic player lfc hijaberella red top all the way lfcrt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..rt naziho_torres9 we have an unbelievable record at wembley and that will motivate chelsea even more the fa cup is ours cfcbring it home boy lfc luis16suarez lucasleiva87 kennethdalglish dirk_18_kuyt glen_johnson charlie26adam sebastiancoatesnever seen so much celery in my life cfc thegreenman celeryfestrt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..rt indostevieg let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwart righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facupnext up d fa cup final..all support for lfc.. ynwagreat atmosphere at theimperialmelb go lfc fire up robbieslater17 ynwawon t be the last of today s but come on liverpool lfconly 1hr and 20mins to go facupfinal facup lfc ynwa wembley anfieldsouthrt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again make pple weh dey hold rain come hold this one abeg..i need to go see the fa cup finals.. cfc 4 lyfpitchside at wembley facupfinal  chappyboii just gunna watch it at mine mate got a banging headache facupfinal lfc cfc planetgolfrview just got to the ground great banner scouse power lfc ynwa where u sat fool rt leftfootfwd the fight to save school sport go on by shamikdas facupfinal london2012 olympics gamesoverfilmrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..just out of the bed i absolute bit jellylegs need to go to the match later peep facupfinal come on the pool ynwa lfc come on bring the cup from indiais the fa cup final actually on today. thought it wa 3pm kickoff facuprt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out cont  facup looking forward to thiswow suarez ha been scum pretty much all through his professional career facupfinal callitfootball asifintoronto ggellis manic_swens seemarampersad good morning evening. let s go chelsea cfc facup lfccarragher in ours spiderjon7 facupfinal rt lynseydalglish just left adam park and waspsrugby are winning keep it up boy on my way to wembley now round2 lfc facupfinalcome on lfc  otw rick s cafe pancoran nonbar finalfacup chelseafc v liverpool cemoonn blue ktbffh ciscjakarta facupfinal 3-1 chelsea drogba first goal..better be teeron10 lolrt daxhoogy y is the game only on itv i don t wanna listen watch the worst presenter ever ruined adrian child plz piss off .. 20 placed on suarez first goal scorer liverpool to win 2 - 1 facupfinalme too let blue armyrt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cup misshanks here you go lfc rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..tales of suarez on the buildup. little psycho. wish he wasn t so good. lfcrt jordrayner kavanomagician yeh for some reason i can see u winning like haha example will be class like redmen lfc ynwart jackmorgan_16 edludlow torres to score and kiss the badge 33 1 drama cfckapan sih final champion rt dikakusumawar you are champion we always support you pride of london cfc rt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facup ynwa rt dikakusumawar you are champion we always support you pride of london cfcbig final tonite..will define the season forr liverpool lfcrt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facup mr_sanch petercox5 come on chelsea we love plasticflags cfc cfcpics cant sleep must beat chelsea. cant sleep must beat chelsea. cant sleep must beat chelsea.. liverpoolfc let s go lad facup to fakopon my way to wembley. facupfinal lfc ynwa lfc 2-1 suarez with the goal ynwa elpistolerort mirrorfootball rt johncrossmirror sagna broken fibula miss euros. same leg a at tottenham. he wa kicked on the leg and playe ..photo ready for the game let s go liverpool popular clubsocial football facupfinal soccer sports.. rt colinko i remember when facupfinal day started at midday with saint amp greavsie followed by the coaches. it s just not the same.rt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..rt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facuprt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facupluis suarez is a legend to lfc not a disgrace..cmon you red ynwart chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin .. jose83tweeter ohh it coming.. dam this new time - my pick 2-2 and pen with chelsea winning and lifting facup.rt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facup oakes_ lfc nickpricey619 haha tweeting whilst on the shitter standard henrywinter johncrossmirror what is it about afc player and broken leg definitely seem to suffer more than their fair share.found myself wanting chelsea to win today..weird that. facupfinalready for the game let s go liverpool popular clubsocial football facupfinal soccer sport red rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl  philmcnulty unconfirmed news emerging from wembley that carragher is not starting. a huge phew audible all the way up in merseyside. lfci think it wrong that the final is being played at 5.15pm - feel wrong facupfinal ynwamatch programme 10 you havin a laugh facupfinal.given both side s saga with handshake this season wonder if the fa considered scrapping it before today s game cfc lfc facupamien ya allah indostevieg let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwa rt i m watching lfc liverpool liverpool fc v chelsea c mon liverpool we can get the facup just like we won carlincup good luck guyare we all looking forward to gabriel clarke interviewing dalglish and di matteo pitchside during the 2nd half no me neither facupc mon you reds lfc lfc shout out from a nashville red 3-1 suarez kuyt amp stevie g in the goal today. come on you red men rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt richard_buxton_ lfc player out assessing the pitch. no white suit this time cfc facupfinal  s_rod10 wha get 2 a tv 2night bert it mayweathercotto plus fa cup final lfc at 1230pm 2dayand we have didier the show drogshow cfcrt chelseafc rt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facupespn coverage of fa cup is top notch facup espnrt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facuprt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..rt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facupone hour away from the facup. let s go chelseafcrt thelonetweet rt if you re supporting lfc today facupfinalrt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facupsuarez wa running late so jumped a cab lfc wheressuarez  kendog92 good to hear i think 2-1 drogba amp lamps cfcrt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..rt johnsinnott luis garcia they called it the ghost goal i don t know why. it wa in it wa in. by bensmith ..rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl anfield lfc  lfc now will itv do an assassination of the racist john terry now i don t think so some howi think my hero super frankie wll score d winner facupfinaldalglish on suarez when he signed i find his innocence endearing. lfcrt gigipetite1 happy sexysaturday zoo_uk thanks for the lfc gigibum rt zootwitties roughly 1 hr and 15 min to kick off.. i shall wear my chelsea kit now. c mon you blues cfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt carefreechronic there should be a 2-minute long applause before every game john terry play with 2 cracked rib inside his chest. cfcrt chelseaanalysis didier drogba must start. he s scored in all fa cup final he s played in 3 and won them all too. man for the occ ..rt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror rt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa ..its written in the star that torres will score and win today facup lfc cfc kennyout cookiebird its train wa a bit late. facuprt sportingintel lfc looking for 42nd major trophy. cfc in search of 17th. table i m ready shirt check. blanket for midnight viewing check. lucky crest keyring check. bring it home lad lfc hik3 rt eklhshm can t wait for late tonight game facupa nifty say chelsea to win cfcwatching the fa cup can t believe how much i want that cunt terry to lift the fa cup. cfc facupfinalcracking day at the olive amp wine festival with grantdesousa ricruben amp co.. now facup final with itsmefederico danictr360 c mon lfc chelsea tv exclusive didier s final moments fa cup final news official site chelsea fc chelsea via chelseafcrt amyy_louisee can neither of them win please cause chelsea will be smug a and liverpool will act like they have won the world cup ..rt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..rt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facup chelseafc come on chelseawell maybe the facupfinal will make my dayrt football_tweet_ david luiz ha arrived at wembley.. cfc rt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf .. lfc c mon lad you can do it for kenny roykeane is a legend.. but he also scare me facupfinalrt daniel_lfc_sear lfcynwa34500 ste_evo_lfc jack_sear_ abriel2twit shanklyslegacy to all my twitter bestfriends. good luck lfc ..casually waiting for the fucking game to start. facupfinalnervousness setting in. lfc ynwa comeonyouredscalming the nerve by watching this beautiful video - lfc facupfinaland why is it on so late facuprt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..rt super_spotter blue is the colour.. teamchelsea we believe facuprt gunga__din disappointing amount of half amp half scarf from our lot. who are these people and why and how have they got ticket ..with an hour to go what are your facup prediction. facup lfccome on chelseafc beat these scouser radiocity967 come on lfc xxwho the hell do i follow in the cup final. i want them both to lose facup fbrt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facuprt anfieldonline wembley 3 time in a year and could still be 4 times. long live the king trophy lfcput a bet on chelsea to win chelsea facupfinalrt iandempsey going to tether my iphone to my ipad and listen to espn on skygo a i drive to drogheda - if there s a goal i ll pull .. beeroclock facupfinal cfc itvarecocks time to watch on mute.absolutely dead after tiger bath dinner then football cfcrt moony_93 hope drogba open the score sheet tonight cfc facuprt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..1 hour to go. come on you reds lfccome on reds rt bethany_lfc liverpool have arrived at wembley lfc espn drpriyag dromarik endoexcel kateyloulou nileshrparmar dentaccountant sylviesturrock dentinaltubules reds in this house lfcgood luck liverpool. make it two cups this season ynwa lfc facupfinalrt chelseafanscol we re gonna make this a blue day we re gonna make wembley a blue stadium cfcwembley cfcpics chelseafc .. chelseafc chelsea are favorite to winok for the next 5 hour we put aside the greek election but red is still the colour of this weekend come on liverpool wembleyjust cleaned the back up sun out me think it time to get the short out by the way 6 sleep to wembleyrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing .. in 1 hour lfc will play v chelsea in the facupfinal at wembley.gonna take the blue side tonight for the final. facupfinalrt johnnyviney nerves are kicking in facupfinalliterally all scouser are vermin why can t we be playing the mancs then i could handle the game come on the cfc v murderer han5onu really wanna read this dina_alnaib hit me up with ur prediction for 2nyts facup final at wembley lfc vs. cfc massive day for lfc let s do it 2trophiesrt billybaons rt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cuprt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt chelseafc rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off  luceless i agree. on another note c mon liverpool lfc prt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again well gone for chelsea 2-1 facup lfc cfc foxsoccer lfc of courserooting for the blues facupi m buzzing why can t the game start already lfc ynwaiam worried lfcthe build up to the facup is way too long.suarez racist evra 2011 stupid biting someone at ajax 2009 cheat world cup v ghana 2010 - perfect for liverpool. noclass lfc cfcrt espntvuk steven gerrard ha just come out onto the pitch. facupfinal lfc cfcrt henrywinter terrible news about sagnaofficial. afc right-back ha broken his fibula. out of the euros via johncrossmirror  jackmorgan_16 today is a great day and one ive been looking forward to for a long time. come on chelsea chelseafc iainrodger01 facupmy view lfcwembley  cfc wembley cfc wembley cfc wembley cfc wembley cfc wembley cfc wembley cfc wembley cfc wembley cfc wembley davesm1ffy mitch_rose854 what time we meeting and where for the fa cup facupon my way to zee pub kick455hayley ill b ther soon cum on lfc do me proud xx facupfinal nerve kicking in bring it home boy ynwawembley facupfinal rt thisisanfield rt if the pre-match nerve are kicking in lfc facupfinaltoday is the day for real men wembleythe atmosphere in here s actually amazing. i can t breathe. lfc  lfc let s go liverpool make mine a doublehoping for a brilliant win from chelsea today in the fa cup finals. cfcrt josephgeagea hope chelsea will win tonight cfcrt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facuprt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facuprt football_tweet_ david luiz ha arrived at wembley.. cfc rt emmawinsorx carragher in ours spiderjon7 facupfinal  chelseafc this year biggest day for chelsea a they play 1st of 2 big final today come-on chelseart leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa rt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facuprt livecholfc picture of the day rt danielkeay1 livecholfc riley 6 week old lfc in keeping with tradition.. right here right now- fatboy slim. loud comeonchelsea cfc ktbffhrt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..the graphic on the espn table with the pixy footballer reminds me of iss pro from back in the day lfc liverpool chelsea cfcrt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..i m at wembley whose here facup lfc cfcrt richard_buxton_ lfc player out assessing the pitch. no white suit this time cfc facupfinal backing the red all the way do u proud wish i could be there ynwa lfcmeet the gentlemen.. lfc  liverpoolfc. good luck for the final can t wait for the game. let s bring the fa cup home. ynwa lfcrt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl roy keane gave a very impartial view on suarez then. i m surprised. lfcmy prediction is 3-1 to u the big man to score the last goal lfc ynwa facupfinal facup wembley anfieldsouthrt chelseaanalysis didier drogba must start. he s scored in all fa cup final he s played in 3 and won them all too. man for the occ ..rt thechelseaway chelsea in secret talk with super rich qatari khalid al thani. cfc rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facuphockey and soccer on at the same time. days like today i need two tvs letsgocaps facupitv amp espn shit.. get facup bbc1-no breaks.its time to crack a beer. feels like christmas eve come on redmen lfc ynwa sensi_00 you in marrantos - we ve arrived cfcwembley chelseafc ktbffh rt chelseafc seems to be drying out in nw london. fingers crossed cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facuprt adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool .. chelseafc come on u blue xx chelseafc watching from australia - torres jersey on waiting to watch him score another hat trick cfcwembley facupfinalrt sportingintel lfc looking for 42nd major trophy to extend their record for an english club . cfc in search of 17th. table htt ..up reds facupfinal ynwa rt johnsinnott luis garcia they called it the ghost goal i don t know why. it wa in it wa in. by bensmith ..rt chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facupfirst drink to try and calm the nerves. facupfinal chelseafc ktbffh go chelsea torres to score tonight any chance of a rt for a huge fan rt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl i wonder who the neutral are supportin today. i don t think any like chelsea or liverpool to be honest. facupfinalcome on you reds lfcblue is the colour chelsea is the team common blue facupfinalrt chelseafc send u your pic of the day using cfcwembley and we ll rt our faves a always. facupfinal sl rt chelseafc rt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facup lucasleiva87 today is where we need the most underrated holding midfielder lfcrt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facup djnoreenkhan u gonna watch the match lfc artiscirulis haha yeh. haven t missed a cfc game before and i certainly don t plan on missing this one not too happy about the picture itv are painting of suarez lfc any need focus on the football rt mase33 ready for this chelsea fa cup final at 12 facupfinal chelseafcenjoyed the picnic with my mate now in an hour will watch facupfinal comeonchelsea facup is ours rt samuelj29060 breaking news sagna ha broken his leg again and will miss euro 2012. same leg a first break. via johncrossmirro ..rt sportingintel lfc looking for 42nd major trophy to extend their record for an english club . cfc in search of 17th. table htt ..may the force be wth you reds lad lfcrt therealnamz rt super_spotter blue is the colour.. teamchelsea we believe facuprt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off i ve never wanted both team to lose so much. ideally i d like the game to be abandoned at 60minutes due to explosive diarrhoea facuplos nervios start to kick in liverpool spanglish facupnot long now till facupfinal . come on you bluepicture-via richardbuxton lfc player out assessing the pitch. no white suit this time fbrt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in ..  chelseafc stamford is cheering on his team cfcwembley facup poyet is just like suarez scum lfcbeautiful saturday for cinco de mayo and the fa cup cfcwembley facupfinal chelseafc cincodemayoawaiting the boys. successful day reffing. facupfinalrt juniorbachchan in keeping with tradition.. right here right now- fatboy slim. loud comeonchelsea cfc ktbffhword. lol rt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt espntvuk steven gerrard ha just come out onto the pitch. facupfinal lfc cfcrt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare .. natebovz cfcwembley let s have it ladcome on you red facupcome on the mighty lfc ynwa gojay1go meet my lfc family missmobssadiq laykayfals rijiriji princesirdik celinaemcee shimoshi1 empireofthekop neem77 ..rt juniorbachchan in keeping with tradition.. right here right now- fatboy slim. loud comeonchelsea cfc ktbffh chelseafc might be moving to battersea power station..i m so excited d1xbaby 1xtoddler 2xmealtimes 2xbaths 2xbedtimes - who s idea thefadotcom wa a 5.15 kick off facup ridiculousinteresting documentary on suarez on itv sport. controversy will seemingly always follow along with his talent lfc suarezlet s go lfc you llneverwalkalone fa cup final v chelseacmon chelseafc lift my mood thefacup belongs to chelseafc cfc fanatics rt headed for scallywag with the boy cfc_toronto go chelseafc and hala realmadrid rt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinal scorcherslife any sportsbyscorch 2day.. facupfinal k liverpool today the day to actually get shit done facupfinalrt liverpool rt thurman_ms liverpool go get them red delvano lfc i ll enjoy facupfinal a a neutral fan today a long a there s positive attacking football and the score is 4-3 or something.rt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..good luck to chelsea v liverpool on fa cup.. hope chelsea win facup amp champoins league so excited.. can t breathe ynwa facup justcantgetenough chelsea let go facupfinal facuponfox 1 hour till kickoffi dont know who i want too lose more out of chelsea and liverpool facupfeeling so blue today chelseafc cfc facupfinal thegeoffhurst who s gonna win geoff cum on cfc simonpeach really impressed by espntvuk s coverage of the facupfinal. makes it feel like a big deal. looking for a job rt seputar_lfc facup liverpool v chelsea . jam 23.15 wib . live mnc tv . you ll never walk alone big day for lfc. does a win today make up for poor league form london is blue cfc chelseafcwatch out for lfc 7 elpistolerort emmawinsorx carragher in ours spiderjon7 facupfinal rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt oliverproudlock amazing lunch now settling in for the big game. come on chels facuprt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facuprt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt danwalkerbbc kenny dalglish ha never lost to chelsea a a manager - 13 game in total lfc cfc facupfinal statthe facup a we all know is dominated by the big club almost a xclusively a the premier league and this year is no different facupfinalrt juniorbachchan in keeping with tradition.. right here right now- fatboy slim. loud comeonchelsea cfc ktbffhrt espntvuk steven gerrard ha just come out onto the pitch. facupfinal lfc cfcit made u laugh watch jamie carragher steven gerrard and pepe reina play guess who - liverpool fc style lfclet the natty daddy be cracked fa cup day cmonn yoouu reddss 8 7 lfcrt espntvuk steven gerrard ha just come out onto the pitch. facupfinal lfc cfchere come that sick feeling in my stomach again felt it a lot lately come on chelsea cfc facupon day like this we remember the 96 loved one who went to watch lfc get to an fa cup final but never made it back home. justice joefooty mayurbhanji twitpic let their be rain or any other obstacle but no one can stop lfc from taking away the cup from bluelooking forward to watching facupfinal later just a pity i ll be watching it at mother in law - rt chelseafc in the cfcwembley dressing room right now are the kit boy facupfinal sl kenny dalglish s eye lid to sag even more today. facup factluis suarez - best all round footballer is the premier league fact lfcall the best to liverpool all the way from south africa lfc let s make history here .. tessalonso that look amazing i can t believe you are there wembley come on you reds lfcgetting nervous now liverpool need to do the business today to make this season worthwhile ynwa lfc chelsea chelsea chelsea chelsea chelsea facup uefa wee goin in haard rt chelseafc rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off just watched the big lebowski very funny. going for a run now.. triathlon training amp then it s fa cup time lfcfingers crossed toes crossed hands and foot crossed come on u reds bring it home lfc facup big day today c mon liverpool facupfinal lfc torres_ cfc and that too winning cl.. haha good joke mate will be routing for cfc tbh one i want rdm to get the manager position full time well deserved and two they have better looking staff.rt hidro20 done rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc watching from a viewing centre in otuocha nigeria cfcwembley chelseafc just watched replay from the emirates..what a game .this is what the end of the season is all about ..hope cfc come on top today..let s go let s go let s go facupfinal chelsea liverpool bluesallday cfcwembley facupfinal chelsea you got this the facupfinal should be kicking off now 3pm not 5.15pm whathappenedtotradition stephenfry big shout for team of the season from me and a i m a red man lfc ncfcrt rosscopekotrain chelsea newcastle united manchester united that will be a superb bank holiday weekend. facupfinal premiershiprt bhavkhoda chelsea or liverpool.. hmm for me it the red all the way facupblue is the colour cfcrt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc mshini12 emirates facupfinal teamliverpool two word for u siya fernando toores today we will be champion for the honor of our color chelseafc cfc cfcwembley chelsea theblues facup  ddotplaydirty what s ur prediction for the facupkalah teu nyaho siah rt fitrisofy rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc lfcts i say 1 nil lfc it will be cagey game..yeahh rt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigredsstarting to get nervous about the final. lfc facuprt lfc liverpool fan in fine voice in the pub around wembley. here s the scene outside the torch absolutely gutted i m not at wembley again today but for anyone going have an amazing time celery ktbffh cfcshitting it. come on red men lfc facupfinals o 2 all chelsea fan our first trophy 4 d season in sum few hours.. cfcrt chelseafc seems to be drying out in nw london. fingers crossed cfcwembley facupfinal sl  ynwa rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc kholzzthefelo i feel so sad for you. chelseafc kaizer_chiefs barcelonabeen a bittersweet season but i m super excited for this match for lfc amp for fellow fan the world over come on you red facup lfcbuzzin for the game cfcchelsea s fa cup final shirt. cfc chelseafc rt chelseafc rt ryanbertrand3 come on chelsea big day for everyone thats blue final day are so good man .. rt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcrt anditi3 en route wembley. come on you blue cfc simonrim simonrim happy bday 3rd win today for the red against cfc this season. rt our photo at the semi ynwa - tks-i hope so or i ll be tossing bottle too cfc facupfinal rt therealtylerh hope your team ha a better result then mine did today.rt umbro to win signed andy carroll speciali boot just rt this message before the end of today s facup  johnbishop100 walk with u mere mortal lfcyou never walk alone..hope win tonight lfcwe in this mann rt mbu2manylaughs duude rt monksdj hope it gona b hot game facupfinal cc iamjabulation mbu2manylaughs ajamazhar95 liverpool ynwa lfc thefacupespn s build up to the facupfinal ha been fantastic so far.rt stuartfergus 96 angel look on from heaven whilst 11 men fight for their honour and pride cmon u red men bescousebeproud jft96 lfcrt bensmithbbc if lfc win the fa cup today it would be dalglish s 28th major honour at the club. cfc have won 22 trophy in their h ..rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off would love to be there today unfortunately studentism beat me to it but i ll be representing the reds in brum untillater lfc ynwadalglish fa cup win could repay only part of my liverpool debt the guardian lfcwaiting for the facupfinal coverage to start on itvhd and they just broadcast the news and weather from the nw really handy info in nert thisisanfield rt if the pre-match nerve are kicking in lfc facupfinal facup best frivolity ever  fran_riddle sorry cant remember talking about mufc pretty sure i tweeted about lfc and how biased hansen and lawrenson arecan t hardly wait for the match chelsea facupfinal dchelseafc rt andrewcollins80 leaving for wembley nervous but pretty sure we can do it comeonyoublues cfcwembley ktbffh wembley..hour left in work then c-town shapnels facup 10 bet on the facupfinal come onn liverpool  lukemayy wanna come to mine and watch the facupfinal good luck to lfc in the fa cup final today here s our own fitting red banner campandfurnace 22.5.12 lfc probally line-up cech bosingwa ivanovic terry cole meireles ramires mata lampard drogba torres. this is my prediction. chelseafcrt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcrt officialsf1team wishing all the best to chelseafc in the facupfinal wembley let s get the trophy ha ha l arse could have put cfc out of the equation for 3rd 2 decent win mean we can do it need spur and nufc poor winrt andrewcollins80 leaving for wembley nervous but pretty sure we can do it comeonyoublues cfcwembley ktbffh wembleykingskeep the blue flag high cfc ktbfhrt timlovejoy so met up with simonrim at wembley facup  mannanjamil17 chelseafc yeaah defochelseafc rt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc c..2 hour til kick off. ynwa facupfinal lfc gerrard about to get on the tube buzzing my nad off for the game beer is needed cfcrt espntvuk the fa cup is in pride of place pitchside at wembley. who will lift it this evening cfc or lfc facupfinal .. asianprincessxo chrismufc4life getting jls d cfc mcfcrt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off  lfc win the battle of the fan hand down chelscum couldn t even sell their allocation worstfansintheworld from mexico ready for the final chelseafc cfcwembleyrt chelseafc send u your pic of the day using cfcwembley and we ll rt our faves a always. facupfinal sl chelseafc send u your pic of the day using cfcwembley and we ll rt our faves a always. facupfinal sl i need to have a wise man telling me that lfc will win today i m soo nervous get in there you redsgoodluck chelseafc in the fa cup final fancy el nino to win it rt kukuhprstyo i love you chelseafc come on no one can stop u pride of londonjust a couple of hour to go. come on lfc ynwa facuprt thisisanfield rationale for that team kuyt to work hard to stop cole s threat from left back bellamy to capitalise on bosingwa on ..chelseafc rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again hoping for the best chelseafcthe hype for big match end up being shit match facupfinalrt adidasuk newsflash we ve got a signed chelseafc shirt up for grab ahead of today s all-adidas facupfinal showdown.. .. dikacythegreat win they didn t too lol. on a blue note facupfinal cfcrt jay_78_ she love the scouse cock she love the scouse cock..john terry s ma..she love the scouse cock lfc cfcoff to watch facupfinal at mumma s house in a bit then got ticket booked to see avengers3d after just what the doctor ordered now lfc tv live from wembley - liverpool fc via lfc manimal66 haha at work mate sodding off soon for footy though lfc how s trick with you  lfc win win win ynwart gigipetite1 rt this to wish the boy luck for today s final lfc ynwa zootwitties bumblr gigibum zoo_uk lfc lfcgossip ..we need to be back here winning this.. lfc ynwa power e w and top offer win guineas. fancy cfc to win the fa cup final aet. o sullivan to wsc. what a weekend of sport this is rt talksport former liverpool captain say league position is more important than cup win lfc rt cfcchants torres torres he left the kop to join the shed.. torres torres he forced liverfool to panic buy now they chanting car ..hahaha keep getting liverpool fan group and stuff follow me woo lfcyou ll never walk alone ynwa lfcrt alrickbrown since 2006 frank lampard ha scored more goal than any other player in the fa cup 19 . chelsea facupfinal cfcrt redisticwear about 2 hour to go facupfinal lfc wembley facup k.o is at 5 -_- johncrossmirror i agree with you. wenger is paying the price for being too over cautious.rt chelseaunite tonight final facup chelsea v liverpool ko 23 15 wib live at mnctv espn we re gonna make this a blue day curt henrywinter front of 10 cfc v lfc fa cup final programme.. drogba v skrtel  come on you blues .. themagicofthecup .. via wordpressdotcom cfc chelseafc teamchelsea rt baseallstar for cup final day i present my 2 year old son singing luis suarez via youtube lfc ynwaright there s a long build up to the football match. i ll probably getting stupidly excited by aerial shot of my manor facupfinalamidaus top it zone 3a with 26pts after 12games.scored 19 nd conceeded 4. facup ghfooty zaahid_lfc kit out his room for the big occasion. ynwa facupfinal rt jay_78_ she love the scouse cock she love the scouse cock..john terry s ma..she love the scouse cock lfc cfcwould rather go to lfctv than the itv build up lfcrt liverpool rt hidro20 done rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc but first i m heading to the virgin river casino here in mesquite to try and watch the fa cup final ktbffh cfcrt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off  lfc ynwa cant wait for kick off facup start in 2 hour so get your bet on now and earn up to 200 in free betting money epl chelsea liverpool chelseafc wishing you all a good luck at wembley. my prediction chelsea 2-1 liverpoolrt adidasuk to win a signed shirt get involved amp takethestage chelseafc fan vs. lfc fan ..excited to see lfc take home the fa cup. beatchelseart naziho_torres9 let s do it tonight cfcahh.. why doe work have to be soo boring looking forward to the facupfinal later tho  chelseafc what time chelsea v liverpool best banner today cfc lfc ktbffh ynwa i have had my cfc shirt on since half 7 this mornin i m going out tonight if we win i will wear it all night..come on chelseafci am waiting on you chelsea chelseafc cfc vs liverpoolrt aimanmahzan rt sureiyanhamond can t wait for the fa cup final. bak datang la chelsea lfc boleh rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off come on you blue facupfinal.rt liverpool rt hidro20 done rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc enjoying the build up. just like the old day actually making me keen to watch the game facupfinalrt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcgood luck to the boy in red lfc for today s fa cup final x youllneverwalkalonedalglish alone ha 27 trophy with lfc. cfc have won 22 trophy throughout their entire history.rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt liverpooifcnews rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt jay_78_ she love the scouse cock she love the scouse cock..john terry s ma..she love the scouse cock lfc cfcjust over 2 hours to kick off for the facup. gotta get these wedding photo finished before than. c mon the reds lfc bluechampion chelseafc chelseafc up blue.. elnino ha to score..as the time draw closer..nail-biting moment facup damostriker agree 5.15 is a joke. turning cup final day into cup final evening ha killed the magic. facuprt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off just done chelsea to win 2-1 and torres to score first. come on lad cfcwembley facupfinalare the americans ready yet for the facupfinal .i hope so.. all this waiting is for them budweisercuprt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcdidier drogba ha scored in all of his seven appearance at wembley. i expect him to carry that on today. cfc facupfinalrt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcrt andrewcollins80 leaving for wembley nervous but pretty sure we can do it comeonyoublues cfcwembley ktbffh wembleykingsfeeling lucky for chelsea s game today comeonyoublues cfc ktbffh jamiedalton82 arsenal can afford to lose rvp but can t koscielnyrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again  redarmy ynwa lfc come on you reds i chelsea fc. let s paint wembley blue and get our first trophy of the season ktbffh cfcwembley mnhabs go reds facuparsenal s game over. i m out for supper. facup final not interested.rt ziyaad_lfc from maradona with love ynwa lfc all set come on cfcrt mauraoneill1 damostriker agree 5.15 is a joke. turning cup final day into cup final evening ha killed the magic. facupi don t know who i want to win but i just want a sick game facupfinal lfcny 5 european cup 18 league that s what we call history..you know the rest. lets go liverpool facupreds blues on vote blanc facup liverpool chelsea wembley chelseafc come on you blue we can do this blue is the colour i want to see torres grab a goal coyb chelseano9 ktbffh facupbuzzing for today game good luck lads lfc ynwa mannanjamil17 chelseafc nope going tomoz why today defense wa all over the place. from 1to 90 min back 4 were out of sorts. was cfc prayings in wembley influenced the game lolzsorry but what s with the facupfinal kicking off at 5.15 it should always be a 3pm ko. no argument.rt cfcchants torres torres he left the kop to join the shed.. torres torres he forced liverfool to panic buy now they chanting car ..from stamford bridge to wembley we ll keep the blue flag flying high cfc ktbffh naazraj bos tonight 12 45 lfc cfcrt thefadotcom the fa will donate 1 for every facup final match programme sold to the charity cardiac risk in the young cry_uk htt ..rt 2ferdi7 there s still four hour to go and i m already drunk kitted out in my scarf and a bag of nerve lfc facupfinal lfcfamilyrt redisticwear about 2 hour to go facupfinal lfc wembley johncrossmirror maybe he s better a an impact player for now with a team on the rope playing against tired defender rt stamfordsally15 i chelsea fc. let s paint wembley blue and get our first trophy of the season ktbffh cfcwembleyfa cup champions league cfcrt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfc bigreds classic rt lfcgossip rt bethany_lfc lfc banner going to wembley. some cracker in there frm rawk . facup at wembley stadium more red than blue atmosphere is amazing facupgood banner. s appenin wembley lfc wembley chelseafc ..we run wembley goblues jaygshore liverpool to win 2-1 come on you red lfc xfa cup winner is liverpool lfc ynwa jft96today wembley will be red liverpool ynwa d tristanp84 torres and carroll combine to score 7 goals..only because everyone else get red carded out of the game. lfc win 4-3.it s cup final day - come on you reds lfc facupfinalreina torres would have regretted leaving liverpool pepe reina belief that fernando torres would have r.. lfci really hope el nino score today against loserpool ktbffh cfc johncrossmirror ox need to weaken aw s grandson in ramsey before he can get games. chelseafc i wish you all the world s lucky to beat the lcf cfcwembley johncrossmirror why wenger doesnot change his formation and what we need to do to get ramsey dropped. awful playertrying my best to stay awake for the facupso excited for the game today facup lfcrt lewiswiltshire for the cup final in england use the hashtag facupfinal to join the conversation with lfc chelseafc thefadotcom ..rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off today game will be tight 2-1 liverpool. i reckon come on you reds lfc ynwa liverpool fan 3 1 on you to win the fa cup. sign up here then bet here lfc jones2406 chelseafc you at dad rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off rt jemmy_23 22.30 please come faster facupfinal at the end of the storm there a golden sky lfc ynwacongratulations to chelsea fan you ve managed to sink even lower with the cynical use of the 39 sticker - didn t think it possible lfcwhy couldn t the fa leave the final on at a decent time i d be watchin soccer now instead of mouk lfc facup2012 inkennywetrust disneyrt c_bester nearly an hour until kick off nickbester18 lfc crawshay_hall dylansharp10rt tamartotty really classy chelsea really classy. facupfinal lfc cfc rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfcgenuinely scared for the match lfc ynwamy celebratory sticky toffee pudding for the cup final today.. or a pick me up if we loose lfc rt lampsindofans can t hardly wait for the match chelsea facupfinal drt lampsindofans can t hardly wait for the match chelsea facupfinal dit doe not feel like 6 year ago that liverpool beat west ham in the fa cup final. it wa match that got me hooked on football lfcgot the pmt lfc ynwa facupfinalrt lampsindofans can t hardly wait for the match chelsea facupfinal d harrypaye woohoo facup i got beer and crisp. i should if popped round yours. how rude me mstrdrmz best lfc banner i ve seen facupfinal skrtel ynwa qualitycome on king kenny bring the cup up north facup final lfctoday we bring home the fa cup and fill the trophy case with the most silver ever lfc chelseafc believing in the blue today we can do it we will sing john terry won the double again this season rdm full time manager cfchouse work done. near pub time come on lfc turk_79 u coming down for the game rt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcgone for the shirt we beat united 4 1 in retro come on boy lfc ynwa thisisanfield lfc so afc fan will be mcfc fan tomorrow along with lfc thfc cfc fans..2hr to facupfinal kickoff me amp dad celebrating a win lfc - rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again off to get some food then i go catch the game over a brew. lfc cmonyoumightyredsrt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again i am so nervous now can t sit still please let it be our day facup lfc c mon liverpool hush..halig nyingkah siah rt 16rachmat forza chelsea rt zenimaarij you ll never walk alone final_facup wembleywatching the countdown to the cup final on lfctv ynwa lfc coyr facuprt jdufault12 huge one today at wembley. come on chelseafc cfcwembley supertorres luciedingle does this mean we are going to be rival for the first time today d lfc what the hell powerrangers rt liverpool rt hidro20 done rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc rt superstarflash chelsea let s get that first trophy facup chelseablues  facupfinal this is a right place if you are looking for precise type of fantastic piece of information and so now destiny call u all road lead to london again we ll tread the path of legend inspired by an eternal flame facupfinal crazydavekopite good luck today make a noise for the red boy lfcrt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa  daneasterby i know right quite looking forward to it facup lfcrt dstv who will leave the wembley stadium facup champions chelsea v liverpool on ss3 from 17 00 off we go. facupfinal so who s going to win the fa cup today let u know facup lfc cfc fifa12rt mrjakehumphrey shh..surely no-one will notice if i borrow it for my mantelpiece will they.. facupfinal rt bondie11 didier drogba ha scored in all of his seven appearance at wembley. i expect him to carry that on today. cfc facupfinalrt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafc onedimatteo lt 3 he ha came and saved u let s make it our fifth cup in 7 year chelseafcrt chelseafc send u your pic of the day using cfcwembley and we ll rt our faves a always. facupfinal sl leaving for wembley. xd. chelsea all the way cfcwembleyon my way to wembley with chrisbalafas for the fa cup. 48 hour in london. facupfever cfcwembley ktbffh good luck.. 2 hour back to new wembley stadium liverpoolfc wem8ley ynwa facupfinal chelseafc some support from the states.. let s do thiss don t understand why it kick off at 5 15. much better at 3 o clock facupfinalrt talksport former liverpool captain say league position is more important than cup win lfc chelseafc we sure solely behind you today rt truebluesindo tonightt fa cup final wembley chelsea v liverpool. sabtu 5 mei kick-off 23.15 wib live at bpl_mnctv don t mi ..wish i wa at wembley today lfc ynwa facupget in aj - settling some nerve early on wembley crewealexdrogba ha 4 pair of boots. why facup bez is on his way to the cupfinal for cfc v lfc who s going to win we fancy liverpoolwhat s the hashtag for the chelsea v liverpool match facupfinal  chelseafc andrewcollins80 this is the time for confidence not nerves..go chelseafc why hasn t the facup final started yet oh yes bloodyitvchris cohen - john terry s song chelseafc ktbffh cfc utcblue all the way cfc buzzingmytitsoff for the facup game the pinnacle of football  cfc remember to i want help  lfc exactly what track is that this  adidasuk lfc chelseafc away the blue another fa cup in our trophy casewaiting on you chelsea chelseafc cfc vs liverpool wherever we may be we are the famous cfc carefree facupfinal cfcwembley espntvuk the reds cfc lfc facupfinal rt andrewcollins80 leaving for wembley nervous but pretty sure we can do it comeonyoublues cfcwembley ktbffh wembleykings livfcfanpage wembley good luck today boyo ava good uncelery celery if she don t come we ll tickle her bum with a lump of celery cfc lfc justice for the 96 the lfc shirt is going on. expecting cfc fan to pitch up in wifebeaters and medallions. rt ficklefootball are the americans ready yet for the facupfinal .i hope so.. all this waiting is for them budweisercup chelseafc c mon bluess lets win this facup match wembleykings comeonyoublues espntvuk lfc always ynwa facupfinal wereonthemarchwithkennysarmy were all going to wembley and well really shake them up when we win theunconfirmed lfc reina johnson agger skrtel enrique spearing henderson gerrard bellamy downing suarezrt nananajiy fa cup will be ours lfc ynwa ktbffh cfc chelsea wembleyforchelsea from stamford bridge to wembley we ll keep the blue flag flying high rt umbro to win signed andy carroll speciali boot just rt this message before the end of today s facup rt cfcchants torres torres he left the kop to join the shed.. torres torres he forced liverfool to panic buy now they chanting car ..rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off nervous have a bad feeling for some reason rt bigreds_iolsc about 2 hour to go. are you ready lad amp lass facupfinal lfci guess i ll watch the chelsea liverpool fa cup match i ll root for lfc because you know.i wonder if fossil_bill amp jordanfanning will be shouting for liverpool today facupto cfc you have won 22 trophy in your history. kenny ha won 28 alone. johncrossmirror be aaron ramsey that s the only way ox will get a startjohn terry s shin pad look like it is designed for a child cfc facupfinaljust over 2 hour to kick off facupfinalthe facup should always be played after the league ha finished amp kick-off should be at 3pm fact rt dstv who will leave the wembley stadium facup champions chelsea v liverpool on ss3 from 17 00 rt tamartotty really classy chelsea really classy. facupfinal lfc cfc have no idea why i have a soft spot for chelsea come on the blue cfcrt chelseaunite tonight final facup chelsea v liverpool ko 23 15 wib live at mnctv espn we re gonna make this a blue day curt empireofthekop rt richard_buxton_ inside wembley now. pitch look excellent. stationed near lfc end today cfc facupfinal ..rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again  graham_woz_ere to be fair mate no one want to see a gloating dalglish lol i got a feeling a lfc win but it s going to be tight gonna squeeze in two and a half hour of work before facupfinalkicking off in melbourne at the liverpool supporter club at the imperial despite the 2.15am kick off. come on you reds. lfc matlala23 dude when did you win anything the last time watch a team that at least win trophy lfc ftw thgoat2hours 7minutes time to kick off. cfc comeonyoublues cfcwembley wembleykings facupfinalthat s the drive sorted. 16 tonne of south cerney gravel 20mm and all weeded to boot. knackered now will enjoy the football facuprt chloehenryx it doe not feel like 6 year ago that liverpool beat west ham in the fa cup final. it wa match that got me hooked on ..rt xcesciambella at the end of the storm there a golden sky lfc ynwart ppoffers sst.listen liverpool to lift the fa cup 3 1 pricegasm lfc facup liverpool will leave wembley stadiumchanged my twitcon especially for today cfc priyankapaatel haha i certainly hope so. ahh we have something in common. lfc facupfinal an individual have to see this. can t end having a laugh. 2 hour til kick off comeonreds facuphere we go cfc believe hard to say but..come on chelsea facupfinalrt naziho_torres9 let s do it tonight cfc lfc c mon you can do it  johnlegend as our backer lfc go for their dream today we go for ours please sign petition for debfibs are key rtrt umbro to win signed andy carroll speciali boot just rt this message before the end of today s facup cup final no-longer the end of season climax. something had 2 give shame it the fa cup final. sky sports are not even showing it facuprt richard_buxton_ inside wembley now. pitch look excellent. stationed near lfc end today cfc facupfinal wearing my chelsea scarf whilst i get ready to watch the coverage of the fa cup final at home.. come on the blueess trueblue cfc johncrossmirror arsenal about to do a lap of appreciation. frankly that performance didn t show much appreciation towards their fans. rt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafc banzonyiko mshini12 emirates facupfinal teamliverpool two word for u siya fernando toores not row 56rt nat1357 twitter is making me too excited lfc facup cfc having a laugh our as away fa cup final. lfcdrogba and sturridge or drogba and torres that is the question for chelseafc we ve got a great team spirit - it doesn t matter how many goal we go down we ll keep fighting till the end. steven gerrard lfcif liverpool lose today it would be tragic but if torres score the winner i may commit suicide lfcnervous lfc ynwa bring it home x hlavatybud4 lfc in upset. chelsea focused on bayern and ebjt anmoys me chelsea have won all 6 fa cup match played at the new wembley stadium. cfcrt empireofthekop rt henrywinter front of 10 cfc v lfc fa cup final programme.. drogba v skrtel  ollywehring budweiser facupfinal doe the tax man know enjoy the day and punch jt for me if you meet him.rt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off the size of john terry s shin pad l cfc rt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcrt lampsindofans can t hardly wait for the match chelsea facupfinal d rt liverpool are you ready for the final share your pics.. lfc  samantha_hadadi it s a little too late for that your prediction please lfc facup lfc pub r filling up in southport.. come on lad ynwart chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off let s go lfc you can bring that cup home..forever red. ynwa lfc facup liverpool to win facupfinal stevengerrardliv pun unite rt muhammad_alias ynwa facupfinal rt nasri86 saifuddinabd muhammad_alias sy team idrisjala_ fan chelsea unite 2 hour to go and i still have biology revision to complete o facupfinal lfc ynwa xfootball fan in japan we hope liverpool win facup lfcrt adidasuk newsflash we ve got a signed chelseafc shirt up for grab ahead of today s all-adidas facupfinal showdown.. ..fucking hell 2 hour build up to the kick off facup cfcrt itvfootball at around 4.15pm today in our live facupfinal show today - adrian chiles interview miracle man fabrice muamba bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafcc mon chelsea 25 comin my way when we win chelseafc facupfinalrt menofshankly to cfc you have won 22 trophy in your history. kenny ha won 28 alone.rt itvfootball at around 4.15pm today in our live facupfinal show today - adrian chiles interview miracle man fabrice muambamy nephew and i getting ready for facupfinal. come on you mighty reds. lfc ynwa enjoying a cup of tea and a chelsea bun before the match chelseafc cfc cfcfamilychelsea coach just police outrider escorted thru chiswick cfc facupfinal johncrossmirror spot on john2.5 tonne of topsoil shifted and i m knackered. 0.5 to go.. then hot bath and facup  facup our god that is hot time for a drink beer to start facup saturday come on lfc ynwacome on chelsea prideoflondon cfc facupfinal chelseafccup final day. girlfriend dad and father in law all chelsea fans..good job i m in portugal outnumbered stephthecross liverpoolfc jaygshore giving u sneak preview of fa cup set up before go live on itv legend facupfinal lfc facup2012 should be a torres suarez battle whichever one of them catch fire will win it. come on the reds lfcright lfc we can do this today good luck lfc glen_johnson luis16suarez dirk_18_kuyt lucasleiva87the petr cech song - chelseafc ktbffh cfc utcrt ziyaad_lfc from maradona with love ynwa lfc wish you luck chelseafc  empireofthekop lfc come on stevie and his warrior - onwards and upwards to hold that cup aloft ynwaall 3 bet of chelski to win carefree cfccome on chelsea let beat this liverpool scum. cfcwembley chelsea facupfinaljust wish the fa cup final would hurry up cfc oluwad3xt3r chelseafc ok oo..lets seert jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again  bright_by_name jimnero9 carroll a big game player surely a merieles assist to torres just to totally wind up lfc jonjoforpmjust finished work can t wait to get home and hopefully enjoy the game lfc ynwart menofshankly to cfc you have won 22 trophy in your history. kenny ha won 28 alone. lfc lfcts lfctv 5 500 red expected here at anfield today. supporting and watching the game from the kop.. chelsea v. liverpool. facupfinal lfg cfcthe red letter s fa cup final preview lfc v cfc. facup eplchelsea v liverpool facup final i think chelseafc will go through all the way..at around 4.15pm today in our live facupfinal show today - adrian chiles interview miracle man fabrice muambart bettyevansx too excited about the football lfcfinally unpacked at carras..well mostly room is tidy..good start sermon finished this morning..now to prepare for facupfinal redbig time coming come on reds ynwa lfc facupfinalfa cup final today. excited cfcrt talksport former liverpool captain say league position is more important than cup win lfci liked an youtube videofrom chelseafc chelsea fc - breaking newsfa cup final day. espn s coverage from 8am this morning ha been quite good. facup redmenhe dive when he want he wants. didier drogba he dive when he want chant rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again come on you blues chelseafc cfcrockieswe are pride of london cfc honeychi030im off lfc redmen ynwa jft96big day at wembley. come on chelseafc cfcwembley wembleykingsrt stamfordsally15 i chelsea fc. let s paint wembley blue and get our first trophy of the season ktbffh cfcwembleyi am getting excited kick off in just over 2 hour can t wait lfc facuprt empireofthekop rt lfc exclusive interview with lucas leiva and charlie adam at the lfc team hotel facupfinal fakson lets hope so mate ..fingers crossed lfcjohn barnes is a legend lfcrt tamartotty really classy chelsea really classy. facupfinal lfc cfc enjoy it boy gutted i m not there masonfromabove cheungee infinatewhite twentyone182 lfc facupfinalrt lampsindofans can t hardly wait for the match chelsea facupfinal d chelseafc you rt this stuff to piss other fan off only right you re doing a great job so far nervous fuck off nerve ibelieve cfc facupfinal in just a couple hour soo excited and nervous good luck to lfc bringhomethecuprt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt luketraynorecho good banner. s appenin wembley lfc wembleyyeahrt chelseafc it s facupfinal day and is there a better feeling than another cfcwembley day feeling confident blues fan sl i wonder why cfc fan are getting so excited a we lost to norwich. cfc-dependents..common liverpoolfc you can do it today ynwart chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off enhanced special paddypower liverpool to lift the fa cup 3 1 first bet matched by signing up here facup lfcrt scouserlaura getting nervous hope lfc can do this ynwart menofshankly to cfc you have won 22 trophy in your history. kenny ha won 28 alone.rt alexcoops11 if liverpool lose today it would be tragic but if torres score the winner i may commit suicide lfc davidblundell19 blundelsbookies 10 1 torres to score 1st cfc 2 win 4-1 lamp to score at anytime going to tether my iphone to my ipad and listen to espn on skygo a i drive to drogheda - if there s a goal i ll pull in facupfinalrt dstv who will leave the wembley stadium facup champions chelsea v liverpool on ss3 from 17 00 120 to kickoff can t wait chelseafc bni46 facupfinal cfcwembley  cfcwembley come on you blues.almost 2 hour to kick off come on redmen facupfinal ynwart chelseafc rt andrewcollins80 leaving for wembley nervous but pretty sure we can do it comeonyoublues cfcwembley ktbffh wembleykingsrt saifuddinabd liv pun unite rt muhammad_alias ynwa facupfinal rt nasri86 saifuddinabd muhammad_alias sy team idrisjala_ ..so itv offering a 2 hour build up to the facup final. just me or a tad excessive  johncrossmirror based on arsene s judgement logic he just need to be in crap form and he ll be picked for every match.my prediction for today facupfinal finish 2-2 go to extra time with no further goal and then liverpool to win on pennos rt itvfootball at around 4.15pm today in our live facupfinal show today - adrian chiles interview miracle man fabrice muambaive got a bad feeling about this hope im wrong - come on lfci wouldn t want to support a team that played in a power station. not a good look battersea cfcrt chelsea4girls chelseafc cfcwembley cup of chelsea tea before kick off john terry wear miniature shin pad absolutely crazy facupfinalwhy oh why is coverage of facupfinal starting now rt bensmithbbc if lfc win the fa cup today it would be dalglish s 28th major honour at the club. cfc have won 22 trophy in their h .. chelseafc torres will prove his class against lfc in the facupfinal. come on cfcchelsea v liverpool tonight fa cup final. come on you blues cfcrt itvfootball chelsea s road to the facupfinal cfc and liverpool s lfcrt stephendoss the difference between liverpool and chelsea the fan the passion which give liverpool the edge. lfc ynwa johncrossmirror john why doesn t wenger rate chamberlain chris cohen - the david luiz song chelseafc ktbffh cfc utcrt nsinclairemep if liverpool win the facup today it will be kenny dalglish s 28th trophy with lfc. chelsea have only won 22 tro ..rt alexcoops11 if liverpool lose today it would be tragic but if torres score the winner i may commit suicide lfcrt taiweelvp rt hforhaiqal liverpool a victory please lfc ynwa johncrossmirror biggest signing of the summer a defensive coach and a psychologist to get through to these over paid premadonasdisappointing amount of half amp half scarf from our lot. who are these people and why and how have they got ticket lfcahh new glasses p and cfc shirt rt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalcome on liverpool facuprt iniquevirus cfc wembley cfc wembley cfc wembley cfc wembley cfc wembley cfc wembley cfc wembley cfc wembley cfc wembleyrt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facuprt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today lfc facupfinalrt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facuprt cfc_97 am i the only one who isn t nervous at all we ll win d cfc utc ktbffhcommon liverpool best of luck from kenya. lfc facup2012i would bet all my money on chelsea winning the facup not bcos i m 2 confident but co i m a chelsea fan amp i believe in my team cfcwembleyregardless of the result terry and suarez are hosting a party after the game. kalou amp ramires not invited. facuprt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalcan t wait for chelsea s match later. c mon you blues cfcwar is taking place tonight and wembly is the battlefield the warrior are named chelsea and liverpool and it all for the facupfinal chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl bored work guess i ll track this facupfinal pulling for the reds can t stand blues lfc mufc eplwell planned family dinner 2nite. 7pm in wembley on facupfinal day good luck me thinking about the facupfinal later today is giving me heartburn..i m anxious..but i stay strong.. teamliverpool we re here to win  stats results archive by referee including w d l choose their name from the table or drop down list chelsea cfcgetting on it early door prediction - 3-1 to us. hopefully i ll remember this game unlike the 2007 cl final lfc facup ynwathe facup final is moment away.. who will take it home live coverage start at 1 15am 1hour 15 min to goo the nerve are starting to kick in. let s do it lfc ynwart fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalshitting myself for the game come on redmen lfc facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt chelseastats cfc have only lost one of their last 33 fa cup match excluding penalty shootout defeat . facupfinal via optajoe ..rt chelseastats cfc have only lost one of their last 33 fa cup match excluding penalty shootout defeat . facupfinal via optajoe ..rt foxsoccer poll who win the fa cup final lfc or chelseafcoff to the boozer for the fa cup final. hopefully it will be a classic. beer facup facup chelsea what a line up of wanker itv facupfinal fbrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalwatching the build up and following tweet on zeebox facup zeebox rt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in .. itv ha to ex-united player in the studio.. over to espn then lfcrt livecholfc picture of the day rt danielkeay1 livecholfc riley 6 week old lfc steve gerrard gerrard he ll pas the ball 40 yard he s better than fat lampard steve gerrard gerrard . lfccome on chelsea come on chelsea chelseafcrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinal facupfinal why doesn t the game just start instead of these men bloody talking..not sure who i want to win the fa cup. hoping there ll be a 22 man brawl and the match will be called off facup jabrown_03 hahaha alright cool man may the better team win. lfc ynwastarting xi reina johnson skrtle agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez lfcnot long now lfc ynwart fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt lewiswiltshire for the cup final in england use the hashtag facupfinal to join the conversation with lfc chelseafc thefadotcom ..on tube with most considerate lfc fan - they re censoring song lyric to make them family friendly. thefacupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt schoudshady lfc starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez.meme yakukwe yandje rt sindano_no11 i am ready for the game lfc rt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..lets go reds bring home the silverware facupfinal liverpoolrt duncanjenkinsfc the lfc team for today f.a cup final v cfc is reina johnson skrtl agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downi ..rt football_tweet_ david luiz ha arrived at wembley.. cfc rt espntvuk steven gerrard ha just come out onto the pitch. facupfinal lfc cfc140 year of fa cup final venue - how many do you know facup lfc cfcrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt juniorbachchan in keeping with tradition.. right here right now- fatboy slim. loud comeonchelsea cfc ktbffhrt oliverproudlock amazing lunch now settling in for the big game. come on chels facuprt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinal rt adidasuk newsflash we ve got a signed chelseafc shirt up for grab ahead of today s all-adidas facupfinal showdown.. ..rt chelseafc it s facupfinal day and is there a better feeling than another cfcwembley day feeling confident blues fan sl i hate everything about lfc kenny suarez carra the fucking lot of them all twat i don t even like chelsea but hope they smash them rt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalnot long now for the game. looking forward to it. come on chelsea. good luck. cfc lpfa cup today boy don t let me down lfc ynwart fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinal facupfinal more total b ll cks being spouted about suarez on itvrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalcmon you red you can beat chelsea lfccome on you red ynwa facupfinalitv absolute rubbish at covering football - come back bbc all is forgiven lfc.. oh and celebrating the norwich result in equal measure should be a great footballing day ncfc facup chelsea4girls wow i am going for what happend to spur in favor of teamcfc 5-1 lfcrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..keep the blue flag flying high cfc facup teamchelsealets kick chelseafc make it 8 lfc ynwa wem8leyrt paul_grech on day like this we remember the 96 loved one who went to watch lfc get to an fa cup final but never made it back ho ..rt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt paul_grech on day like this we remember the 96 loved one who went to watch lfc get to an fa cup final but never made it back ho ..come on you reds lfc facupfa cup final at 5.15 for tv it should be 3pm. they don t change the time it becomes the new year for tv do they facup stupidtimert chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt rosiecfc victory or popularity jt victory. legend. cfcrt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow. righttoplay_uk chelseafc fair play.. chelsea win..facup final lfc the goalpost rt football_tweet_ david luiz ha arrived at wembley.. cfc rt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalpretty nervous right now. kick-off can t come soon enough come on liverpool lfc facupfinalrt juniorbachchan in keeping with tradition.. right here right now- fatboy slim. loud comeonchelsea cfc ktbffhhere s an awesome cfc chelsea chelseafc fan shared image on fancite almost time for the big game come on liverpool rip this shit up let have a big performance bring on chelsea ynwa lfcme and rafa the dog ready for the match lfc ynwa woof to many people in our lfcfamily to send individual mention to so i hope every lfc supporter get the result we want ynwa jft96rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt chelseaunite tonight final facup chelsea v liverpool ko 23 15 wib live at mnctv espn we re gonna make this a blue day cuciao the blues i m support you from indonesia rt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue rt johnsinnott luis garcia they called it the ghost goal i don t know why. it wa in it wa in. by bensmith .. chelseafc we can do this trueblues cfc trophy is ours this is what it all about pleased with the starting 11. come on you redmen lfc ynwa facupfinalcan t wait- my two favorite team are battling it out may the best team win cfc lfcrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalgonna wait for the team news before putting my bet on facupfinalespn or itv to watch the final facuprt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalgo chelsea facupfinalrt empireofthekop rt beccajames6 empireofthekop babel got sent off at the hoffenheim game look like he also want to catch the fa ..come on you chelsea cfc chelseafcrt juniorbachchan in keeping with tradition.. right here right now- fatboy slim. loud comeonchelsea cfc ktbffhrt espntvuk steven gerrard ha just come out onto the pitch. facupfinal lfc cfcrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinal baxter_man kolo_martin ollyted ooh isagold will b happy abt dat she s chelsea fan.. but me scouser thru amp blue.. amp red too lfchoping for a win for chelsea tonight and a goal from drogba facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalwembley looking slick..jay spearing can now be seen facupfinalso hyped for this game coyb cfcrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalif you don t have something productive to say about liverpool fc i don t wanna hear it. lfcis the team news out cfci took chelsea -150 to win facup. this go against the liverpool rule but think it an exception. sportsbetting d_barnsy1991 oki mate if ya fancy it can always come myn facupfinal lfcvialli facupfinal  tufc well i can t listen to anymore of that. off to alberts 4 facup final. hope 2nd team do better xrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl rt leftfootfwd the fight to save school sport go on by shamikdas facupfinal london2012 olympics gamesoverfilmrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt paul_grech on day like this we remember the 96 loved one who went to watch lfc get to an fa cup final but never made it back ho ..you know that film scanners and you know john terry see where i m going with this.. facupchelsea or loserfool of course lahh chelsea cfcrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt juniorbachchan in keeping with tradition.. right here right now- fatboy slim. loud comeonchelsea cfc ktbffhrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl nerves jangling come on lfc he s to kenny making me a believer facuprt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt superstarsoccer line ups from wembley on the way chelseavliverpool facup75 min till kick-off .. lfc ynwart fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt indostevieg let s make wembley to be wem8ley once again lfc ynwart fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinali think it will win chelsea facupfinal lfc kop good luck to all the boy today come on the redrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalblue is the colour at stamford bridge lt 3 cfc liverpool now have a chance of winning coz jordanhenderson isnt playing facupfinal lfc lfcfans lfcofficial theredsrt pitapitakuwait pitanation gathar around tonight for the fa cup final with pitapita dinner basket enjoy cfc lfc facup 60760 ..rt espntvuk 2 liverpool s awful white spice boy suit lfc facupfinalsome people may not agree but big andy will make a bigger impact from the bench lfcrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalwaiting eagerly for lfc and the facupfinal wearing my away shirt. ready to go ynwahour left for kick-off lfcrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinal antoho11and 2-0 chelsea torres and lampard cfcnerves are kicking in. come on liverpool. lfc ynwa sportingwales hope liverpool win later facup me too steve ynwa rt thisisanfield rt if the pre-match nerve are kicking in lfc facupfinalbuzzing for the facupfinal come on you red ynwajust bought a red fighter fish for good luck even tho the mrs and my boy wanted a blue on come on u red lfc ynwa rt chelseafc just seen blues fan alec stewart chatting before the facupfinal at cfcwembley sl  lfc good luck the poll you ll never walk alonert leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa rt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt ehaywood9 cfcwembley ready for kick off rt chelseastats cfc have only lost one of their last 33 fa cup match excluding penalty shootout defeat . facupfinal via optajoe ..rt cjl_wherever terry and suarez could have a love in today. the racist cup final facupfinal racistscupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinal1 jam lagi. do the best y all lfc thereds ynwart chelseafc here s the view from pitch side at cfcwembley facupfinal sl rt itvfootball it made u laugh watch jamie carragher steven gerrard and pepe reina play guess who - liverpool fc style ..rt paul_grech on day like this we remember the 96 loved one who went to watch lfc get to an fa cup final but never made it back ho ..rt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalnahh raheem sterling just dere lfc rt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalme and the tobster ready for the final lfc ynwakicking back watching chelseafc v liverpoolfc in fa cup final cmon blue facupfinalitv showing u wat a knob suarez really is facupfinalpractically a high up a you can get wembley the free facupfinal flag lfc at wembley with craigsingleton for the facup finalkick off in an hour and a quarter facupfinal lfcrt felixafc 5 5 2012 - the day luis suarez and john terry collide and take racism to a whole new level. facuprt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalthe view from my seat ynwa lfc comeyouredmen rt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalcome on chelseafc we can do it rt quameciroc meet the gentlemen.. lfc rt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cfcgimme 8 chrisjhon sikatjhon rt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalgoing for a 1-0 lfc win today gerrard rt juniorbachchan in keeping with tradition.. right here right now- fatboy slim. loud comeonchelsea cfc ktbffhi see wembley have dished out free flag on every seat. chelsea fan will be ecstatic. facupfinalready to sing abide with me and the national anthem.if you have never been to an fa cup final you will never know how good it feel cfcrt westbrookdanni come on you blues chelseafc cupfinali love fa cup final day cfclets all go to wembley..lets all go to wembley.. lfc will win the cup facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalfuck im scared. facup.god please let liverpool win the trophy tonight. amen. lfcnever nasir_bin_laden liverpool please allow u to win in peace. thank you cfc  empireofthekop i can t live without that .. good luck liverpool lfc ynwahow many goal are liverpool going to put past chelsea michulloa coyr lfcrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinal lfc starting xi v chelsea reina johnson skrtle agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez rt thefadotcom lfc could become the first team to achieve two fa league cup double after they won both cup in 200 01 facupfinal ..rt superstarsoccer so who do we think will win today chelseavliverpool facupwe re not racist we only hate mancs lfchope captain fantastic stevie g steven gerrard ha a good game ynwa lfc facupfinalto celebrate the facupfinal i will be out on foot patrol in hatrogate town centre. anybody else going to be in town this evening i ll rt all come on chelsea. that grace my timeline no matter how many time cfcwembley facuprt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalall set for the match cmon u red men lfc facup ynwart juniorbachchan in keeping with tradition.. right here right now- fatboy slim. loud comeonchelsea cfc ktbffh lfc 75 min to ko bring it onrt chelseafc a big interview from frank lampard ahead of today s big game cfcwembley sl rt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in cont pumped for the facupfinal it s gonna be a blue day cfcrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinal laurenchelsea good prediction lol lfcreports have fabrice muamba and the doctor who saved his life being present at the fa cup final. front row in the royal box. facup lfc anybody understand how to correct this kind of bore rt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalwho the fuck at itv think viewer want to watch adrian chiles gareth southgate and roy keane 2hours before ko facuprt football_tweet_ david luiz ha arrived at wembley.. cfc rt chelseastats stats results archive by referee including w d l choose their name from the table or drop down list .. chelseafc blue is the colouri am all nerve today.comeon you reds. lfcrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalgo blue let s win this final facupfinal cfcgonna meet bro to catch facupfinal  chelseafc cfcgotm april goal of the month ha to be goal d ramires v barcelonawembley baby chelseafc a quick peep around the cfcwembley dressing room before the facupfinal.. sl raheem sterling look a if he s just woke up at christmas lfc facupcarroll doesn t start not looking to kick the ball and hold it up. using suarez and bella s for pace on the counter. lfc lfc great seeing sterling at wembley would love to see him play some part ynwart chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin .. vbrich any lfc win will make it a decent game let s get behind kk and the redmen today. no griping. just proper red passion. save the criticism for later when drowned out by cheer lfcrt paul_grech on day like this we remember the 96 loved one who went to watch lfc get to an fa cup final but never made it back ho .. sportingbet_com a price for liverpool 2 win on pen facupfinalwhere s the white suit lfc love the new lfc suits. lfc facupto all chelsea amp liverpool fan good luck for the facupfinal tonight rt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinali m tweeting from my seat at wembley and it s live.. facupfinal  renternational good luck to chelsea today brother. cfc facupmy 200th tweet go out to the best football club in the world liverpool ynwa lfc lfc lfcismyreligion liverpool lfckashmirrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt danwalkerbbc kenny dalglish ha never lost to chelsea a a manager - 13 game in total lfc cfc facupfinal statrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinal philmcnulty just put a quid on him to score first in a 2-1 lfc win. using a whole fiver to spread bet five outcomes. bbcfootball rlairdy hope you are joking.. once a red always a red come on lfcrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..rt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalblue will be the colour tomorrow morning. cfcin walkabout in notts with response_one waiting for chelski to put the final nail in dalglish s coffin facupsuarez is a genius amp a natural born winner. itv can go fuck itself. lfcrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinal rt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinali hate itv football coverage shit pundits. facup facupfinal mattscratch gone beyond nerves. hope it s a good game for the neutrals. yeah right. lfc ynwa v aggerselbowwithnandosnameonit chelseafc to win facupwho just saw raheem facupfinalrt paul_grech on day like this we remember the 96 loved one who went to watch lfc get to an fa cup final but never made it back ho ..rt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinaljay spearing look like he ha dressed up to go to court l facup lfc facupfinal lfcwembley cup double today. lucasleiva87 would have liked to see you on the pitchi ll never forgive suarez for that handball and celebration v ghana. the bite evra general cheating every week - vile creature lfcespn or itv1 facupfinalrt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf .. righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facuprt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalmy view in wembley lfc brass band at wembley playing rocky music. class facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinal lfc must have the ugliest bunch of fucker ever justsayingrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalwhat is southgates tie about today facupfinalrt sleekid up reds facupfinal ynwa rt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinal fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinal stay out of it fifa fa doing it best to ruin itcome on the pool lets smash these plastic flag waving cunts lfc finally we are there coyb cfc chelseart fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinal lfc please f n help whattodo rt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..retweet come on you blues fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinal therealrizkhan aliyatanveer that s proper harsh facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalfa cup build up ynwa comeonliverpool onthematchwithkennysarmy inkennywetrust lfclet s do this facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinal juniorbachchan yoo keep it loud till we win. go blue comeonchelsea cfc ktbffhcarroll hat-trick. simples. lfcrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facup fifacom chelseafc fuck off snaptheflagrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinaljoin u for the facup finals at 12 15pm rt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinal dedub82 stephenstratton __laurenbishop just over 1 hour till ko cfcwembleyrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..seeing clip of suarez in the last world cup only further show that he s a dirty cheating little shit. facuprt bluechampion remember folk it s raining at wembley the boy from spain love the rain fernando to score today cfc chelseafc chelseafc in fernando we trust come on chelsea today s the day rt chelsea4girls rt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those ..  fifacom chelseafc cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinal they will lose amen josh_rawling5 now__football we always win and we in this for real.. ynwa.. lfc for everrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalwaiting for facupfinal c mon you blues a chelseafc supporter from argrt rt rt rt rt rt rt rt rt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt football_tweet_ david luiz ha arrived at wembley.. cfc rt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facuprt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facuprt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalcome on you blue cfcrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalwee raheem sterling looked so excited to be on the pitch at wembley lfc ynwano vibe at the stadium or on the way down strange facup lfc cfcgreat to see raheem sterling with the first team at wembley lfc facupfinalteamlfc..fuck cfc luis16suarez wish you luck today with lfc facupok ill go 2-1 liverpool lfc gedmckenna don t worry dad we ve been practising all day to show them some repect lfc facupfinalwhy are itv bringing up the suarez incident i wonder if they ll comment on the terry one too facup skysports_ed great performance at the saints award dinner last night no matter what happens lfc ynwa my nigga raheem sterling.. swaggin out at wembley lfcthis cinco got off to a great start with norwich playing at arsenal to a draw just a primer for facupfinal nyrwsh. sportscincort chelseafc di matteo on fa cups past and present cfcwembley sl in preparation for today s final you ll never walk alone - gerry amp the pacemakers ynwa lfc facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalcome on chelsea cfcrt chelseafc the chelsea coach ha just pulled up unloaded and coach steve holland is out inspecting the pitch. cfcwembley facupfin ..rt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa rt johnsinnott luis garcia they called it the ghost goal i don t know why. it wa in it wa in. by bensmith ..a far a the facup go i got chelsea by default. elnino show rt chelseafc an important message from the ground staff at cfcwembley ahead of the facupfinal sl rt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalthis is the month of double for chelsea cfc bluearmy teamchelseart lanreayodeji rt diva_beolah rt supazeez rt if u want chelseafc to win.rt emptymindz suarez is a genius amp a natural born winner. itv can go fuck itself. lfcrt if you are at wembley. lfc  johncrossmirror on 5live david pleat mocked sanga for going down. it wa shameful.i think roy keane will kill someone today if not i ll eat my hat my money of chiles or southgate facuprt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinaloh how i wish i wa at wembley today to watch the red men lovelfc lfc fa_cup_final facupfinal lt 3 torres score first coming up chelsea - liverpool starsports facupfinal live lovesoccerchelsea s chelseafc cahill and luiz come out for a look at the pitch facupfinal lfc cfcrt proudchelseafan retweet come on you blues fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cf .. tendecember liverpoolfc okayy noort fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalsaving butterfly killing pig mining 4precious stone watching grown men squeal like girl build up to facupfinal with iphone gamei m shocked to hear football pundit pretty much saying they can overlook how player behave if they deliver the results. surreal. facuprt radiocity967 lfc cfc royal band get going rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again i m gonna have to go with the londoners today can t let the northerner take another trophy home facuprt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalthe only way liverpool gunna get the f.a. cup.. cfc lfc mufc mcfc thfc fa rt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt younggunsblog ars ne wenger confirms to johncrossmirror that bacary sagna ha broken his leg. wba game and euro s. big blow.rt juniorbachchan in keeping with tradition.. right here right now- fatboy slim. loud comeonchelsea cfc ktbffhrt adamsudeyh chelsea or loserfool of course lahh chelsea cfcmuse to kick off coverage. off to a winner facupfinal dalesteyn62 it on sony six and sony pix . live telecast 21 45 hr ist . facupfinalrt chelseafc rt gullitr i think that chelsea will win the fa cupevuuls acetheboss97 chelsea 1 - liverpool 3 rt grammarpo_olice facupfinal chelseafc vs liverpoofc lt lt lt lt lt lt lt lt predict rt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt naziho_torres9 chelsea chelsea chelsea wembley love u and will feel so blessed if we win the fa cup there cfc wembleyisbluewhatever you say about suarez any1 would have handballed that ball in the world cup. got sent off and a penalty can t complain facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalif you missed it earlier watch jamie carragher pepe reina amp stevie g playing guess who lfc facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinal chelseafc fan - reckon your team ha a chance for fa cup glory rt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalfa cup deal alert 40 off fernando torres and luis suarez find out more here facup torres suareznervous for the match come on lfc ynwa facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalshut your dirty mouth keane. a man who openly admits to intentionally breaking an opponent leg suarez lfc facuplove cupfinal day just don t know who i want to win le tough choice facup can t wait for abide with me though always enotionalgood to see raheem sterling out on the pitch with the senior team lfc foxsoccer lfc will winrt chelseafc davidluiz_4 and gary cahill are doing an interview pitch side with itv. those in the squad are in the dressing room. cf ..getting into all our facupfinal gear picture later . . . facupfinal come on you blues faithjust arrived at wembley park singing chanting swearing abuse already started.. looking forward to the sophistication of a box seat cfcrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinal gysin5 you there working or supporting loving it.. facupfinalrt gerrard8fanpage liverpool starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suare ..rt dtraynor87 any everton fan supporting u today i have a lot of respect for not all of you are bitter bastard efc lfc facu ..rt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalwatching facupfinal with friend at the pub i m sure they will be a supportive a ever if liverpool lose.. maybenot notexpectingmuchspearing look like he s on his way to a court case chav facuprt louwvdheever hope captain fantastic stevie g steven gerrard ha a good game ynwa lfc facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you don t give a fuck who win today.. lfc chelseafc cfc lfc facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalget those tweet coming in who going to win this hopefully epic clash facupfinal whosthewinner haveyoursayrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt dannyshwing92 been pelting out you ll never walk alone for god know how long my neighbour will hate me after today ynwa facup ..wearing my lfc jersey. this guy wearing a cfc jersey on the road is totally giving me bad look facupi wish i wa at wembley today cfcwembley facupfinal ryanbabel hey ryan mate wa that red so you could watch the final once a red always a red we love you son ynwa facupfinalrt chelseafc rt righttoplay_uk not long now till rtp partner chelseafc take on liverpool come on blue facuprt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinal brightaugustine sure you have to believe that chelseafc will win facupfinal ktbffhdid gareth southgate just admit he d cheat to win facup suarez s action should be nothing but condoned not justified rt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalhope freddy of savills enjoys the fa cup but lfc all the way. should be a good 1 i hope.rt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalnice to see sterling at wembley on the pitch with the squad. experience lfcrt thisisanfield reported lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez n ..which one should i wear lfc rt jay_78_ lfc drogba banner again rt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinaloye gt rt juniorbachchan in keeping with tradition.. right here right now- fatboy slim. loud comeonchelsea cfc ktbffhrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt redsmail let s get behind kk and the redmen today. no griping. just proper red passion. save the criticism for later when drowned o ..rt adidasuk chelseafc fan .. ahead of the all-adidas facup final can you takethestage rt this tweet more than the liverpool .. lfc you will never walk alone is being sung loud amp proud down under. best of luck to kenny stevie and the lads. facupfinal lfcrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalwhy rt samuelamer the latest rumour from liverpool team there are no carroll in liverpool starting xi. is it true lfcwhere do i get an espn technical zone espntvuk facupfinali can t believe that i am going to write this but i may have to watch itv s coverage rather than espn facuprt addyfield we re not racist we only hate mancs lfc lfc starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson gerrard downing bellamy suarez. alsin chelivrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt if you would like chelseafc to win the facupfinal today cfcwembley cfcdrogba will start and torres will finish. cfc chelseafcnorth v south red v blue the aristocrats versus the arrivistes. facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalwho dey fuck woman pas chelsea player we go win this fuckasscup facup. teamjohnterrydrogba for a hatrick cfcwembleythank you itv for the suarez segment i d forgot why i wanted lfc to lose. king kenny achieves the unthinkable he s made chelsea popular.so loserpool tell me how proud are you for your cheap fan raising up upside down banner cfc ktbffh carefree rt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinal lfc team kam-on lad let s aav--iitt the trophy tonight cfcrt fifacom rt if you would like lfc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc facupfinalrt indodagger5 lfc starting xi reina johnson skrtel agger enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez.henderson and spearing lol honestly.. cfc lfcrt kwame_sika drogba for a hatrick cfcwembleynot on the bbc so espn hd for me cannot stand itv facup lfcblue is the colour football is the game. we re all together and winning is our aim chelseafc fa cup facupfinal go on chelsea fancy chelsea to bos thing in the middle today gerrard or no gerrard . also a barnes said can t see how they ll deal with drogba. cfcthings are getting serious now. just a bit more than a hour till kick off. facupfinalrt lfc fa cup final team v chelsea. reina johnson agger skrtel enrique gerrard spearing henderson downing bellamy suarez.lastman wu b left wing jesus rt duchessdebbs i wish for leftwingjesus to get a goal tonight y facup rt tee_magma rt lfc fa cup final team v chelsea. reina johnson agger skrtel enrique gerrard spearing .. come on reds anfieldcat lfc liverpoolfc drogba is nailed on to notch today for me but i can see torres scoring facuprt football_tweet_ david luiz ha arrived at wembley.. cfc the tickling sensation. facupfinal lfcvamos liverpool facuprt liverpool confirmed lfc team for today s fa cup final rt livecholfc lfc team reina johnson skrtel agger enrique henderson spearing downing gerrard bellamy suarez facupreina.johnson.skrtel.agger.enrique.henderson.gerrard.spearing.bellamy.downing.suarez facupfinal ynwaas ever with chelsea i ve gone lamps fgs amp lgs amp 2-1 to them 70 1 c11lel andyjackson90 facupfa cup final line-ups bellamy start with suarez liverpool and chelsea contest the fa cup final at wembl.. lfctonight final facup chelsea v liverpool ko 00 15 wita live at mnctv espn we re gonna make this a blue day rt leesiemaszko rt this pic plse red fan facupfinal chelseascum disrespect jft96 lfc ynwa buzzing for kick off come on red men lfc liverpool xi vs chelsea reina johnson agger skrtel enrique gerrard spearing henderson bellamy suarez downing. lfcvery happy with the team. just like i wanted it. well done kk. team and sub on the picture below. lfc rt femstahpd rt lfc fa cup final team v chelsea. reina johnson agger skrtel enrique gerrard spearing henderson downing bell ..rt peterssoccer liverpool start reina johnson skrtel agger jose enrique spearing henderson downing gerrard bellamy suarez lfcbit gutted there s no carragher amp very disappointed that spearing play lfcrt lfc fa cup final team v chelsea. reina johnson agger skrtel enrique gerrard spearing henderson downing bellamy suarez. facupfinal soon pretty indifferent over who wins. just wanna see a good match from lfc and chelseafcrt richard_buxton_ fernando torres doesn t start for cfc cech bosingwa ivanovic terry cole lampard mikel ramires mata kalou ..waiting for the liverpool game greatscenes unbelievablefans lfc lfctv livecholfc liverpool_fc_ lfclive ynwa  juniorbachchan hey ab r u watching fa cup final tonight cfc v lfcrt fifacom rt if you would like chelseafc to win the fa cup final today cfc lfc cfcwembley facupfinalthe oldest cup competition .. lfc v cfc ..wat a dream final staying up for the facupfinal not really sure who i want to win. can t they both lose ron paul 2012 rt whinenot newt pledge i will not apologize a comm-in-chief when young americans are under fire i will stick with the young americ ..how much fun will we have w obama romney debates.. poor mittens p2 p2b ff tcot tlot gop teaparty teatards democrats republicans dems p21rt nytimes lulzsec hacking suspects are arrested today is town meeting day in vermont. participate in democracy and vote. poll are open until 7p in btv. tmdvt vtrt nytimes lulzsec hacking suspects are arrested breaking with 99.9 of precinct reporting mitt romney project a robotic .. supertuesdayrt nytimes lulzsec hacking suspects are arrested i thought santorum wa a christian how do you dismiss rush s action a entertainment why is santorum afraid of rush oil prices and companies in lee massachusetts - oil heat massachusettsgeorgia state need a director for it alpharetta center just one of the job listed today. phoenix suns v oklahoma city thunder live str rt armorcavspin only newt is leading gingrich to newsmax obama fails israel on nuclear iran via newsmax_mediadone ronpaul okvotes supertuesdayromney say obama is insufficiently pro-israel rt thefix newt gingrich getting secret service protection starting at midnight tonight. so guess this mean he s staying in. .. loreorozcoh i wish you could come to virginia for a week. man oh man wsjgraphics ohio and tennessee are the state to watch on super tuesday. the wsj guide rt nytimes lulzsec hacking suspects are arrested just voted in the va gop primary for the next president of the united states mittromney rt kathleenmadigan ann romney say she doesn t consider herself wealthy. if i wa romney spokesperson i d stab myself in the eye w ..rt ariannahuff who said it mitt romney or mr. burns romney hoping for a big leap in delegate race super tuesday santorum s primary stumbles super tuesday santorum s primary stumbles a lack of money and organization is robbing the candidate of key delegates. make a change in our world. change the corruption in our government. ron paul 2012. this is a fucking joke right hahahahaha. huffingtonpost if you are referring to a transmission or a flaming log. sadiemcgrady a paulbot seems 2 b a word used to describe passionate supporters. this revolution is not about ronpaul this is 4 libertyrt ohiostate_wgym no. 13 ohio state travels to chapel hill to face north carolina saturday  abc cbs nbc reuters tpm iran iran so far away mittromney talks tough now wanted to check with lawyers in 2007 rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt washingtonpost report forget the ipad 3 it s the ipad hd trending video ron paul audit the fed before it s too late .. at ronpaul supertuesdaycheck out georgia farm land for sale on farmflip.  anchorage daily nx super tuesday may be ultimate showdown for republicans mitt romney is angling to solid.. akfucking tennessee how doe one seriously view prostitution a a legitimate profession ttp tnne.ws xtjt2p sexwork carinjurylawyers salute to our troops by montlick amp associates. georgia accident attorneys - the ohio law daily is out top story today via bradleymiller dinsmore_shohl voryslaw markstansbury elderlawus gimmexoxo_ dc maryland virginiasuper tuesday santorum s primary stumbles a lack of money and organization is robbing the candidate of key delegates. rt jaketapper white house greets iran news with skepticism gt yes kid are great.. santorum is an assrt washingtonpost navy plan to place breathalyzer on all it ship and sub another campaign ad on our worst ad of 2012 list - governorperry s values gaymarriage supertuesdaybill to legalize marijuana in massachusetts get hearing on beacon hill marijuana is a mind-altering drug that..  senate_gops the time to pass hr3012 and level the playing field for highskilledimmigrants is now thatrussetwolf washington i m from virginia.. it s nice there. mus with my long hair grinning do you swim or is it too cold number of the day 98 00 oklahoma child lived in high poverty neighborhood in 2010 up 104 from 200 the top 10 things you should know about ohio s demographic changes and immigration politics supertuesdayrt rushtwoifbytea rush and the team at twoifbytea greatly appreciate all of your support. please stay tuned for a twitter exclusive .. ronpaul drugwar unfair to blacks 14 use but 63 are in prison supertuesday gop2012 naacp lulac democrat goprt kaskade i need to do more show in ohio they have a lot of delegates.rt acollinsbyrnes georgia - an upset coming joining rest of country s republicans voting mitt romney super tuesday may be ultimate showdown for republicans mitt romney is angling to solidify his front-runner stat.. i think rick santorum think about gay sex more than anyone else on the planet stribpol mnunited noh8 dailykos shut up romney fella. you ignorant idiot why 2012 is not the gop s last chance rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. .. brentspiner or that hard luck west virginia family from night court.autographed paul thompson photo ou oklahoma sooners football quarter checking out to the undecideds for super tuesday must read on newt gingrich 360 the virginia museum devoted to this tv series is across the street from earl hamner s boyhood home 500 pt so many wedding photographers in massachusetts  hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechyou need not look far to see how president obama s campaign organization is outpacing the gop s mdpolitics p2latest super tuesday may be ultimate showdown for republicans mitt romney is angling to solidify his front-run.. rt washingtonpost report forget the ipad 3 it s the ipad hd rt coffeepartyusa sen. lisa murkowski regrets vote for blunt amendment re. contraception - alaska republican feel she let voter down ..bottom story for yesterday winter in america cascade idaho 1.0 newsnotnewsrt nytimes lulzsec hacking suspects are arrested  inews9k headline mitt look to wrap it all up. translation romney put it all in a set of matching hermes luggage.help u end lra violence. visit to find out why and how. mittromney join u for kony2012super tuesday santorum s primary stumbles a lack of money and organization is robbing the candidate of key delegates. rt nationaljournal romney say obama is insufficiently pro-israel  newtgingrich i humbly ask you to shut the fuck up you adulterous old man with no ideas. tcot 250gasrt bluemassgroup fmr head of israeli mossad what romney ha done is a serious problem here irresponsibilitywatch phoenix suns oklahoma city thunder basketball live 07.03.2012 i wanna go to georgia next month.. totallesliemove mitt ha become famous for alternately acting like an improperly programmed robot.. romney accuses obama of dawdling with iran sanction supertuesdayrt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt govchristie he wa a great role model for every person in nj who aspires to public service. he wa a true gentleman we considere ..rt mjdub 10 pictures of riot police at a peaceful women s rights protest in virginia did i say ace i meant to say santorum is bat crap crazy.rt theonion it s weird to say this about a politician but i sort of wish santorum were lying to my face at least a little. ..in an effort to appeal to younger voter romney left the salon with frosted tip -oh god i wish. tnvoters - msm tell u mitt is better organized in state than newt or rick. the only sign in my county are newt s and ron. nomittensrt nytimes global powers agree to resume nuclear talks with iran mitt romney i d vote for ronpaul if he becomes the gop nominee.  jonathanalter can you shine a light on pine ridge s d where keystone truck are tresspassing on reservation land please thank you. dacw10 yeah not so much- newt rip gore s fact on climate change withnewt tebenham any guess what happens in idaho and alaska caucus very little data out there supertuesdayrt cliffschecter if voting in ohio congr district 3 pls support progressive champion maryjokilroy we need her back in congress p2 ..photos sled dog vs. 1049 miles. it s the iditarod romney up 16 in gallup national poll can santorum prevent a tipping point tcot p2 libtardsrt feedingamerica it s supertuesday how can each party help people struggling w hunger tweet your idea endhunger2012rt kathryndelong happy super tuesday get out vote. preferably for ronpaul.obama spark a bitter dispute between columbia and barnard mother sentenced to 10 year for assaulting son a tennessee mother who pleaded guilty to assaulting her toddler.. rt so_then_i_said rick santorum is such a jackass. he want you to be tolerant of his intolerance. oh and how dare you not be tolerant ... speakerboehner waysandmeansgop instead of lying on twitter how about taking a moment to denounce gop leader rush limbaugh s hate.shining the spotlight on our latest campaign mvps cox media group ohio rieck services ricoh robbins myers chemineer tag. thank you rt km_zencat santorum single moms are breeding more criminals via motherjones omg where do i start with t .. supertuesday and jeremylin humor from mallardfillmore comics. dear grovernorquist please add birthright citizenship onto your taxpayer protection pledge cc ronpaul arizona gop.let s make a shout for newt2012 on supertuesday he s the man for the job. tnprimare ohprimary teaparty flynn_1d is that georgia your talking to me confused l xxvia bostondotcom interesting read - in 2009 mitt romney urged pres. obama to use lesson from ma model for hcr therealroseanne from every homebuyer barackobama newtgingrich mittromney politics billmaher mmflintwhat do you think of oklahoma s new voting machine being used today okvotewarehouse worker 11-044 oklahoma city ok job nbcsnl is it only a matter of time before you do mitt romney the spoken word album  fairbanks alaska one time the weather warning for a storm wa correct.. my gosh..rt cnnsitroom starting now cnn supertuesday election roundtable live powered by ciscosystems webex. watch at read my lips no newt gingrich obama 4 more years rt to show support-k1ann romney we can be poor in spirit ..and she want to be first lady imnothereforthatlaura ingraham newt rocked it to her newt is strongest cand. gaprimary atlanta savanna cobb ga 250gas tpp ma the mac-n-cheese shell vermont white cheedar at panera foodgasm rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot your probaly from virginia like shiit baby_tyannart wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gashappy super tuesday. quick look at state and stake from a magicwall perspective more johnkingusa 6pe.rt bethanyshondark is there a le bold one i could vote for mt newtgingrich i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan c .. ellafraser ahwell p and well i m ready but i ve got to wait for georgia l xxrt bangsandabun people of london my brother s band the awesome alaska are playing at the bull gate in kentish town tomorrow. on at ..super tuesday special mcnelliestulsa ha mcsorley s black lager for 3.00 all month long.. supertuesday special marchrt silvercirclemov the best news ever ron paul joins the rebels tlot silver ronpaul rebels yep a whole lotta young racists. rt crnc alexschriver ohio obama s star dims with young voter crncphoenix suns v oklahoma city thunder live stream march 07 2012 obgyn in virginia ob gyn position in franklin vasouthampton memorial hospital 90 acute care bed is actively.. rt dailykos rick santorum single mother are breeding more criminal rt bran_brandee these next couple month amazing georgia friday bestfriend fieldscaitlin coming soon my si in law and niece .. supertuesday and jeremylin humor from mallardfillmore comics. mother sentenced to 10 year for assaulting son a tennessee mother who pleaded guilty to assaulting her toddler.. i ll be in atlanta tonight to watch election result w ron paul supporters. will be co-hosting freedomizershow at 9pm. rt wsjgraphics ohio and tennessee are the state to watch on super tuesday. the wsj guide rt huffingtonpost radiohead reveals another new song newt moon base gingrich say algae-for-energy come from cloud cuckoo land rt huffingtonpost when wa the moment you knew the art could move you rt skeeteronmy the revolution will not be televised spread ronpaul message text call your friends let them know he s winning deleg ..ohio the key to super tuesday victory i have a preview of the ohio primary up at pjm this m.. tcot p2 libtardsrt senatorsanders tomorrow 52 vermont town will vote on whether we must address overturning the supreme court s citizensunited rulingoops - apparently i m with mitt romney then rt bjcunningham_03 nice day in columbus ohio5 tech tools for supertuesday super tuesday santorum s primary stumbles rt yukimura17 vote ronpaul election fraud will be very much harder for them if we turn out in huge number ohio folk seem strongly prolife .. bodes well for rick ..ann romney yu are the equal airhead to your husband.. how the wealth can never comfortably compare themselves to the poor.oklahoma sooners nike student union tee 17.99 starstruckrt armorcavspin only newt is leading gingrich to newsmax obama fails israel on nuclear iran via newsmax_mediadeer enjoying the idaho sunset. i love spring. spring sun sunset landscape beauty cloud sky silhoue  senatorburr the time to pass hr3012 and level the playing field for highskilledimmigrants is nowron paul one dime for a gallon of gasoline rt time photos sled dog vs. 1049 miles. it s the iditarod am specials puree of sweet potato soup punch grilled cheese w vermont cheddar bacon grilled chicken paillard..rt ohiobobcats 2012 baseball west virginia state preview live blog of super tuesday plus more - love romney s shout out to zanesville supertuesdayrt johnkingcnn happy super tuesday. quick look at state and stake from a magicwall perspective more johnkin ..i guess we only want a gop in office instead of the person who ha stop our nation down slide from bush bad decisions. r we dum foxnewsoklahoma jobs center customer service assoc - fedex office - tulsa ok overview the center customer service.. just looked at the odds for supertuesday states.. tennessee is the only one remotely in play. maybe north dakota caucus. quietnightrt time photos sled dog vs. 1049 miles. it s the iditarod ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran ohio tennessee loom super large romney ha the potential to emerge from super tuesday with a delegate lead no .. rt time photos sled dog vs. 1049 miles. it s the iditarod 2011 proseries ohio rita form 37 line 5b worksheet 2 does not calculate automatically - video alaska wolves rescued - dave malkoff report full story  economyandstate mitt romney about to speak live at aipac. don t be jealous tampagurlfl. i ll give mitt a standing o for sure. thx rt janeymurph santorum ineligible for up to 18 ohio delegate rt josh_painter jc watts oklahoma ad vote for newt march 6 conservatives with newt tcot teaparty newt2012 ..mitt romney will turn our country further into a corporation nation please stop him rt time photos sled dog vs. 1049 miles. it s the iditarod  thedailybeast sorry it s too late ms. murkowski you voted again woman s freedom-- show your true color rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. .. rick santorum rick santorum stepped away from the campaign trail briefly today to personally address the amer.. branch manager of multi-line insurance agency atlanta georgia candidate - alpharetta ga 3004 ..rt ronpaulsvoice every new security measure represents another failure of the once-courageous american spirit ronpaul supertuesday gop medicaljobs front desk - patient representative va-richmond virginia urology a large and growing physician g.. beautiful sunny day in columbus. no reason not to vote. supertuesday ohiovirginia commonwealth university health system project team recognized at ashe-pdc . mittromney comedians are wealthy with material thanks to you and your wife.rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gas medicaljobs front desk - patient representative va-richmond virginia urology a large and growing physician g.. rt sarahkliff sen. lisa murkowski r-alaska tell the anchorage daily news she regret supporting the blunt amendment. ..rt armorcavspin only newt is leading gingrich to newsmax obama fails israel on nuclear iran via newsmax_mediart visitma massgov s massgovernor deval patrick ha proclaimed march 2012 a irish heritage month in massachusetts ..rt cnnsitroom starting now cnn supertuesday election roundtable live powered by ciscosystems webex. watch at if newtgingrich wa going to be the front runner he d have been by now.. same for ricksantorum i don t see mittromney dropping tcot thefix newt gingrich getting secret service protection starting at midnight tonight. so guess this mean he s staying in. govtspendingfox cancels popular show for supporting ron paul via youtubert masug funny video romney s super tuesday polls surge after he begins flaunting his wealth  supertuesday yayy it my fav day eva.romney relative for ron paul quote of the day romney on rush via motherjonesrt time photos sled dog vs. 1049 miles. it s the iditarod rt whinenot newt pledge i will not apologize a comm-in-chief when young americans are under fire i will stick with the young americ ..cbs news - karen santorum s revealing look at her husband. rt ariannahuff how the sleep deficit is damaging america s long-term health sleepweek rt time photos sled dog vs. 1049 miles. it s the iditarod rt cnnsitroom starting now cnn supertuesday election roundtable live powered by ciscosystems webex. watch at  winnietheeric i mean.. my dad is working and my mom is in tennessee bc of their separation. so yeah we have someone cleaning the house.rt stevekelly02 wave conference bishopjakes konghee wayne_alcorn get ready get ready virginia beach in august is when she is the ..rt sofieinkpen liberals attacking ann romney clearly haven t watched the entire interview or noted her biblical allusion. defendann h ..rt wsjgraphics ohio and tennessee are the state to watch on super tuesday. the wsj guide i just got it..i have been accepted in the master of higher education program at virginia tech this is cool - romney takes washington caucus - mitt romney - fox nation ohio man dy after meth lab fire at nursing home - sent via the fox news android app. speakerboehner you republicans should be outraged our military men assassinated by men they were training what s their punishment literally the busiest week all year followed by a week of 70 degree weather in virginia lt 33 newtgingrich newt thinks israel shouldn t tell us they re striking iran b c obama wld leak it obama is qualified gop are fucking idiots  savannahguthrie nbcnews bwilliams savannah after a late night how do u suppress ur yawn the next am on the air  newtgingrich wishing you all the best today ohio travel ohio travel what you should see not to mention do from yosemite nationalized park watch supertuesday election roundtable now w wolfblitzercnn gloria borger arifleischer donnabrazile peterhambycnn georgia this weekend with my mom.. can t wait for the weekend - useful map but still get ia dels wrong mt googlepolitics track supertuesday result from all 10 state with our map rt ashewhole w need a leader with the strength of character shown by bibi netanyahu. get out and vote for newt 250gasrt wsjgraphics ohio and tennessee are the state to watch on super tuesday. the wsj guide  barberton ohio temp 35.4 f wind 7 mph dir sse baro falling precip 0.00in hum 63 uv 2.1 12 00 03 06 10 weatherrt senatorsanders video sen. sanders on cnbc explaining how the cftc is refusing to regulate excessive oil speculation ..rt greatdismal speaking of mugabe i think he ha a lock on vermont on super tuesday. and look for joe mccarthy to take ohio. about to go on cnn with alexcastron paul 2012 wood is not only everlasting but it is timeless a well. furniture newport vermont part industryrt daveweigel can you get to a landline shitradioproducersaysantorum s super tuesday challenge amspecblog georgiag1408 have we georgia o  rushlimbaugh billmaher mittromney barackobama u r a 1 u need apologize 2 palin or b fired whatsgoodforthegooseisgood4thegander  fleminglandrie me either. tennessee is just ugh. terrible. kay_m_es toledo ohio shyt i m off of laskeyrt jennablan on super tuesday romney and santorum in fierce ohio battle rt inthelineofmel in the commonwealth of virginia i didn t get to vote for a faithful catholic believer. if you can don t waste it. .. politics santorum s super tuesday challenge why might mitt romney wind up the nominee of a republica.. hitechcjrt visitma massgov s massgovernor deval patrick ha proclaimed march 2012 a irish heritage month in massachusetts ..rt zekejmiller newt gingrich to receive secret service protection - fox news  supertuesday read how member of our opinions staff break down the elephant in the room  newtgingrich i got broken up with when i wa high on painkiller from the muscle i tore in my leg. i had to have crutches. sound familiar voted for my boy ron paul  santorum not eligible for 16 delegate in ohio vote newt for 250gas gop tcot rnc supertuesday ohis super tuesday gingrich s waterloo can ronpaul remain a factor if he can t win anywhere via ann romney is talking awkwardly about money now too - yahoo news via yahoonews lt so being wealthy is relative.check out this piece from politico discussing the big congressional primary in ohio today cpapac huffingtonpost depends how you feel about solid state radio and northern food.super tuesday mitt romney focus on economy while rival seek opening washington post saturday s food drive by juneau rotary club brought 10 622 lb of food for the southeast alaska food bank. royalcaribbean when do the alaska 2013 itinerary come out rt rnc tweet u a photo next time you fill up at the pump and use the hashtag obamaonempty. we will rt and follow back tcotrt thehill sen. lisamurkowski given another chance i d vote against blunt amendment limiting contraception  huffpostpol i d love your feedback on cc cnnireport politics from today s youth lost misled itsalanfoxrt nytimes lulzsec hacking suspects are arrested for every state santorum win today i will slaughter a kitten with my hands. supertuesdaysantorum in 1994 single moms are breeding more criminals barbara bush re abortion - he ha grown in the issue. we all do that. listen yourself. ga tn ohrt cnnsitroom starting now cnn supertuesday election roundtable live powered by ciscosystems webex. watch at  linked ricksantorum a message from rick striking distance wepickrick santorum oh tn ok ga tcot supertuesday vote for deezrt washingtondctea newt gingrich to receive secret service protection - fox news  amspec santorum s super tuesday challenge why might mitt romney wind up the nominee of a repub.. tcot teaparty nicoleurken - i agree love them in ohio lynznicole21 sweet i ve decided to take on a long term volunteer position at oklahoma department of human services.rt washingtondctea newt gingrich to receive secret service protection - fox news santorum s super tuesday challenge why might mitt romney wind up the nominee of a republican party that is cons.. i don t even consider myself poor..i can win the lottery tomorrow and be rich --bizarro amy romneyi found i could say thing with color and shape that i couldn t say any other way - thing i had no word for. georgia o keeffe senatorcollins the time to pass hr3012 and level the playing field for highskilledimmigrants is nowrt astro_clay - aleutians always tough but really cool mt westdahl volcano alaska unimak island aleutian rang ..rt twitlertwit romney gave up all credibility to discus economy by hiding million in offshore accts not investing in the usa. sup ..massachusetts find any way to charge you money for anything scam artists.a fritz-like sc dem gt rt ginansmith senate minority leader sen. john land expected to announce today that he will not seek reelectionsuper tuesday more like super ohio. it appears cnn is making a pun that s either way above or way beneath my intellect.rt silvercirclemov the best news ever ron paul joins the rebels tlot silver ronpaul rebels rt tannersdad now is the time to pray. believe me. autism supertuesday things will never be the same. no more politics just action.rt cnnsitroom starting now cnn supertuesday election roundtable live powered by ciscosystems webex. watch at but yeah let be real if it weren t on the way to dc who s really going to virginia get out and vote for ronpaul today or if you want to vote for obama just mail all your money to israel.rt unitedliberty romney relative for ron paul family know best ronpaul2012 supertuesdayrt markknoller happy 100th birthday to the oreo cookie. first sold on this day in 1912 to a grocer in hoboken nj.rt time is immaturity becoming a medical condition via timehealthland it s super tuesday..what s at stake for romney paul gingrich and santorum i m at my moms richmond virginia what if supertuesday wa more like marchmadness rt theplumlinegs not even blaming obama will bail rush out of his mess this time who said it mr. burns or mitt romney 1- house session 2- senate session part 1 3-dan balz and michael steele on the ohio primary rt teamsantorum rt mattbeynon no no i like mandates. mandates work. - mitt romney via politicalwiremitt romney or c. montgomery burns hey if you re in cha tn you d better go vote because it s supertuesday d polls are open 8am-8pmeyescience announces new product launch of diabetic vision formula tm columbus ohio march 6 2012 prnewswi.. socially liberal fiscally moderate. supertuesday use those voting right people since supertuesday is today pay attention newt supporter rick need you if we re gonna stop romney rt isaiahhess sweet go ricksantorum ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy amy bingham abcnews rt wsjgraphics ohio and tennessee are the state to watch on super tuesday. the wsj guide romney loves govt money bragging to board room that he can get it rt croatansound laura ingraham newt rocked it to her newt is strongest cand. gaprimary atlanta savanna cobb ga 250gas tpp m ..rt maddowblog newt moon base gingrich say algae-for-energy come from cloud cuckoo land eyescience announces new product launch of diabetic vision formula tm columbus ohio march 6 2012 prnewswi.. rt theplumlinegs not even blaming obama will bail rush out of his mess this time rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gas _domilove can t nobody keep with u in hole in the wall alaskamanager marketing ii- field leap wireless oklahoma city ok.  ricksantorum good luck senator aura music festival pre-party at the georgia theatre tonight with the werks brock butler consider the source k.. rt irenie_m santorum implicitly concedes need for obamacare says his special needs child took up much of his income ..new job vacancy stormwater technician at city of nampa in idaho us idaho job vacancyrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt okstatehba oshba say no to mandated fire sprinklers oklahoma state home builders 8 everyday household item to use for cleaning rt daveweigel i m totally getting out of this panera after i finish uploading this last thing. shitcampaignreporterssay higgins_j i like how santorum is absolutist about the church s position on abortion contraception but war execution are negotiable. treone_jeffries what you going to tennessee for bro rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers super tuesday . . . anybody going to vote for ron paul going to vote in va mad i can t vote for ricksantorum by default i must choose ron paul to defeat romney in va ricksantorum2012virginia gen assembly give final approval to s.b. 597 3 5 12 internetsalestax sb597 virginia amazonlaweyescience announces new product launch of diabetic vision formula tm columbus ohio march 6 2012 prnewswi.. rt saint_obama leaders make thing possible. exceptional leader make thing inevitable. newt gingrich belongs in the category of the ..rt edweekteacher teaching now ohio to retest teachers in struggling schools education laurencew27 have fun at georgia si will not i will not i will not mock santorum 4 saying hc 4 his kid is cleaning him out. but lord in heaven is it tempting lawrencetoday s supertuesday show considers religious voting blocs. will there be such a thing a for example the mormon vote join u now jackson tennessee south st comedy club ..this weekend don t make me drive out there for nothin neither ..i m at national cowboy and western heritage museum 1700 ne 63rd st oklahoma city put on a suit and tie mr romney. you re not fooling anyone i voted for santorum today rt cnnbrk lulzsec hacker arrested source says. truly a wtf now reading one dead six injured in ohio nursing home meth lab fire via cbsnewsif ur not voting today then ur a disgrace and i m ashamed of u. ronpaul fran_chambers quit being logical about santorum and hatch.. the santorum people are banking that he ha repented of his big gov way eh rt boycotkochbros romney criticizes sotomayor supreme court appointment reason simple a black man appointed a hispanic woman.. santorum single mother are breeding more criminal rwnj gop p2b goplies rt coffeepartyusa rt commoncause over 50 vermont town vote today on challenging citizensunited fittingly on ..mark ur caledar-april 14th netimpactofcentral ohio scioto river cleanup hosted by cosi ni_centraloh supertuesday the stock market open today with economic fear ronpaul the only candidate with a true balanced budget plan gop teaparty kingdtj went home to ohio last weekend for a party wa back for two day then back for a funeral.wht azz- guess we need 2 line up outside the jails gt santorum single moms are breeding more criminals via motherjonesrt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt washingtonpost what if supertuesday wa more like marchmadness rt sethjamesdemoor catholiclisa - could not agree more come one catholics time to wake it up for the baby in the womb vote ric ..liberty is lost through complacency and a subservient mindset ronpaul supertuesday gopa new rule in oklahoma would require a physician who supervises a nurse practitioner to see patient at least.. rt hrc mitt n match romney s jarring inconsistencies on lgbt equality rt cnnsitroom starting now cnn supertuesday election roundtable live powered by ciscosystems webex. watch at 2012 the year of bigdata in american politics supertuesday analytics gopmrs. ann romney so far from reality what did u have to say i want to hug the poor and feed them cake rt mrkylemaurer ron paul one dime for a gallon of gasoline rt colorlines republican mayor fights georgia s anti-immigrant hb87 video video of mitt romney s speech at brookwood high school on sunday rt paranomalousart its supertuesday and the name ron paul is nowhere on the drudge report right now - still think the blackout isn t ..mitt set to win mass watching return in boston doe anyone think his victory speech tonight should kerry jfk supertuesdayhappy supertuesday two words.. go vote eyescience announces new product launch of diabetic vision formula tm columbus ohio march 6 2012 prnewswi.. rt dacw10 newt ha 3 face how can he b conservative in 1994 and socialist in 2007 u believe him 2012. why chance it oh tn ..cleveland ohio mostly cloudy and breezy 38 deg f cleveland clert senatorsanders now sen. sanders is on cnbc talking about his effort to lower gasprices. rt phillyinquirer lottery woman 81 claim powerball jackpot opts for 210 million cash payout rt ohiostate_11 so they totally screw ohio st..but then this oregon is slowly fading from ncaa spotlight now playing - top of hour legal id atlanta georgia listen now music101rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt rene_devries six romney family members hit campaign trail - for ron paul - rt tngop today it s tennessee s turn to weigh in on the republican presidential nomination how did i get so many follower from alaska i must be famous there or something.rt newshour viewer s guide to newshour s supertuesday coverage i d love to see newtgingrich win some delegate today go ronpaul too  speakerboehner israelipm talk about boringrt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..rt marcusposey i love super tuesday. go mittromney . the only republican candidate who make sense when they speak.some are against some are not gingrich back obama on encouraging highered hemktg admission tb newt2012hq amykremer romney s people pulled up sign in sc ..i replaced them in our area.opponents take on romney in bay state rt ofa_da 2.50 per gallon gasoline energy independence jobs -- an address by newtgingrich 250gas tn ok ..rt scsportssource tramel terry of goose creek high school ha in fact committed to the university of georgia again.campaigning for supertuesday and beyond cnn political ticker - blogs doohi get to vote today time to stop some of this mitt love in tn. huffingtonpost when i wa five that wa the first time i watched anniert kschrahl ron paul mitt romney i d vote for ronpaul if he becomes the gop nominee. cc votepaul2012fox cancels popular show for supporting ron paul  joshfahey vonwii i definitely didn t fall for the i have friend that are nascar owner line supertuesdayunflinching conservative rick santorum in 1993 more government needed in health care rt cnn michele bachmann responds to piersmorgan s gay marriage question - i m not here a anybody s judge santorum s snobbery red herring  dinkelmankfan i hope romney santorum and gingrich drop. repronpaul for president.huh. idaho passed the era. idlegsewanee tennesseert legeland the gerrymandered calender why texas isn t a 2012 supertuesday state ohio this weekend gotta know we fina clown b4 my big bro strap hit tha navyron paul s caucus strategy in stark contrast to everyone else s caucasian strategy rt bluetrooth looks like big-bucks romney supporter are pulling a short term sell order on wall street newtgingrich keep fighting newt rt welchken cwlowe10 newtgingrich im feeln like newts gonna surprise alot of ppl. could be the greatst political comeback ever..i .. gpmedia24 who s debating just saying i m not part of the twisted theocratic greed rewarding america that ricksantorum think we live in rickklein i m ready to forecast ohio. you ready rt algarman rt niacouncil fmr israeli mossad chief say romney s iran rhetoric undermining us israeli national security ..rt garepublicans supertuesday have you voted yet georgia poll will remain open until 7 00pm gagop gapolrt usatoday one dead after meth lab explodes at ohio nursing home fixing link magnitude 2.9 - southern alaska via usgs good luck to mittromney from across the atlantic - the only reasonable and electable republican candidate supertuesdayrt dbernstein that s not bad. or write in mitt romney 1992 version mt nikluk ..thinking about pulling a gop ballot and writing ..rt thefix super tuesday 100th birthday of oreos release of new springsteen album i have a pretty nice tuesday shaping up. bmore_phonzi nuffin how you doing out there in virginia atlanta dog jog is saturday may 12 2012 in piedmont park proceeds benefit canine assistants and georgia.. i won t say romney can t win. i will predict that win or lose he ll run behind a lot of down-ticket gopers. lawrence if bibi attack let him go it alone. wish him good luck of course but only by phone. massachusetts considers shield law for journalist bloggers soren dayton just explained perfectly mitt romney s problem with r voter he s not exactly the boiled essence of the moment. rt ttylerp look ppl remembr tht the vote is proportional n some state any vote swayed is more clout go withnewt ak id nd ok ..columbus 200th birthday set the stage for a year of success in ohio s largest and fastest growing city expcols 200columbuslittle birdie chirping speculation thing are trending well for newtgingrich tonight but not a well for ricksantorum. we shall see. thisbenflanagan philrowen darichardson alright full column is up leggo romney i m not one for politics but cuz of government class..go supertuesday poor crazy ronpaul haha haellijeanrt ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are. join me in t ..what our client thought of the food onboard halcruises volendam in alaska last year. travel foodrt time photos sled dog vs. 1049 miles. it s the iditarod  lexilamour greetings from honduras the fight for super tuesday and the winner is uumm romney or santorum rt btwnunemploymnt let it not be said that no one cared or objected that our liberty are in jeopardy ronpaul 1. ..rt teapartyvssanto . mittromney push job side issue trip rival mitt2012 tcot ohio ohgop ohprimary tn ..rt whinenot newt pledge i will not apologize a comm-in-chief when young americans are under fire i will stick with the young americ ..the republicans led by mittromney are too divided to defeat even a badly beaten up barackobama. supertuesdaygrover norquist rail against ending birthright citizenship a advocated by romney immigration advisor kris kobach rt oritsklar voted for mittromney this morning. he s a conservative businessman not a career politician. mitt2012 gagop supertuesday joshuagross mikethechang santorum ha a point here if people would just stop having sex this kind of thing wouldn t happen.rt djroze save a life. vote ronpaul. supertuesday endthewarssuper tuesday vot ron paul if you live in ak ga id ma nd oh ok tn vt va via dailypaulrt nytimes lulzsec hacking suspects are arrested rt opieradio happy super tuesday - somewhererightnow mittromney is trying to convince a group of people he s just like them.rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot rt usatoday we ve got a list of the 10 best freebie at u.s. and foreign airport travelicc is hosting the central ohio agile association pmi lig next friday march 16th. space is limited sign-up today to columbus oh romney addresses aipac says hope is not a foreign policy via vos iz neiasnew for super tuesday what romney fails to understand about the economy  huffingtonpost can t see won t download computer stuck.proved reserve are second only to alaska. the permian basin with production target from 1 00 foot to 20 00 foot in depth  newt i don t care who you are i care who you want to be. military veteran withnewt ohprimary ca kansa tn krt abc romney accuses obama of dawdling with iran sanction supertuesdayrt wsjgraphics ohio and tennessee are the state to watch on super tuesday. the wsj guide rt ohdeena i hate driving to virginia. why i got to merge 5x and go in 3 entirely unnecessary circle to get where i wanna go rt progress2050 latinos and african americans propel ohio s population growth supertuesday economy diversitytoday is presidential primary day in virginia be sure to go to the poll rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeech huffingtonpost my super tuesday inspired piece cc cnnireport politics from today s youth lost misled itsalanfoxsuper tuesday mitt romney and rick santorum fight to the wire live  supertuesday i guess one of the time that i ll watch what s going on in our nation s politicsrt wsjgraphics ohio and tennessee are the state to watch on super tuesday. the wsj guide rt pcffvancouver in honour of intntl women s day we ll be at impact hosted by dfsvancouver on thurs at hotel georgia. buy tix here ..full skirt virginia dress by lagom rt daveweigel can you get to a landline shitradioproducersayrt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt time photos sled dog vs. 1049 miles. it s the iditarod humbly ha rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt galtsgirl ron paul cite conversation with tim tebow in discussion over homeschooling - fox news . newtgingrich is surging on supertuesday. check out newt s super tuesday facebook tab get involved ohio school shooting why parent are to blame when kid take gun to school via timeideasrt unitedliberty romney relative for ron paul family know best ronpaul2012 supertuesdayrt jacob_corrigan problem is the mac is based in cleveland and while yes reporter vote on it there is ne ohio bias. reasonabledoubt i couldn t vote for santorum even in jest. i did write in sean avery for town mayor howeverouch rt flakebarmer been talking to voter in lavergne smyrna nashville for three hours. haven t heard from one romney supporter.rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price .. ewerickson ewerickson actually i don t want you silenced i want more people to hear what idiot you are.rt elxn2012 santorum failed to take own advice tcot tngop gagop ohgop okgop ndgop mitt2012 2012gop idgop ..rt fl_for_newt2012 sarahpalinusa are you voting newt today ak caucus start today withnewt supertuesday akcaucus gaprimary ohp .. theeconomist ron paulrt theplumlinegs not even blaming obama will bail rush out of his mess this time  cfb bcs podcast previewing the big 12 davidash iowastate oklahomafox news report that newt gingrich will start getting secret service protection tomorrow. gop2012will it be super cnnashleigh happy supertuesday will romney get what he need to end this thing psteinhausercnn giving tour to a group of folk today from northern virginia rt okstatehba tracking the bill that impact home builder read our blog oshba legislative update oklahoma state home builders.. senatorlugar the time to pass hr3012 and level the playing field for highskilledimmigrants is nowrt polarbears did you know that snow in extreme cold can be cut into strip or block this explains igloo dispatch from alaska ht ..rt scsportssource when asked if he wa indeed committed to georgia again terry said yehh but didn t want it out yet .happy supertuesday rt money_politics rick santorum is the gop s rocky say slate. they call it supertuesday for a reason..10 state and some 419 delegate up for grabs. watch suzannemalveaux at 12pet cnnthis weekend s playoff schedule vs. the idaho junior steelheads friday 7 p.m. manchester ice and events..  nowwithalex rather todd were right. lay off ann romney. her comment on wealth support of friend family love were appropriate. gt gt gt ricksantorum this domain is for sale by owner readysetgop.com visit and search for readysetgop gop tcotrt dukedestefano rt alexnbcnews rt joylinfn sources say newt gingrich getting secret service wednesday. about ..fairfax county virginia office opening - obama for amercia 2012 via youtube americaduped your vote insures you nothing unless it is your vote not the main stream electability line vote you heart vote ronpaul goprt jimheathonn beautiful sunny day in columbus. no reason not to vote. supertuesday ohiogingrich i ll be a big delegate winner on super tuesday via newsmax_mediart allen_osuno virginia says no to ndaa s unconstitutional and lawless imprisonment rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt actionshackson to anyone in ohio if you vote for ron paul all your wildest dream will come true. also i will give you a dollar.former ohio state player charged with drug possession in southern ohio after ..cbs news karen santorum s revealing look at her husband. rt politicprophet the magic number for romney in delegate win tonight is 220. this or above mean gameover clearly for the gop race.rt klsouth the gop establishment is scared to death of newt and will fight hard to maintain status quo. newt is with the people wit ..rt nick_glass24 georgia s 2013 class is gonna be crazy huffingtonpost when i wa given a shove on the subway platform by the mona lisa. was only moved two feet. i turned around to watch it flee.rt klsouth top 50 reasons romney is unelectable. withnewt timetochoose oklahoma sooner tnprimary tnromney no need to raise the minimum wage rt dailykos radio station 13 sponsor drop rush limbaugh rt bobbyjean55 rick santorum funded planned parenthood pretend to be a social value kind of guy .. fake fraud ronpaul2012 ro .. newtgingrich southernpol sorry lt newt. no voting here today. wa had it s gope dirty dealing caucui last sat.rt catholiclisa linked ricksantorum a message from rick striking distance wepickrick santorum oh tn ok ga ..rt huffingtonpost when wa the moment you knew the art could move you guess he s not getting out yet rt zekejmiller newt gingrich to receive secret service protection - fox news rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt elxn2012 mitt romney get endorsement from eric cantor tom coburn tcot tngop gagop ohgop okgop ndgop ..rt markwarner solar panel green egg and ham  newtgingrich --the truth..please watch share tnprimary ohprimary ohteaparty teaparty . view videort huffingtonpost the top 10 spring break destination rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers  johnkingcnn fyi in my house any tuesday that you can go home to your lovely wife is always a supertuesday -thoughts danabashcnnanxious to see if santorum is going to come out on top in ok today. supertuesday oklahomaisokrt huffingtonpost 8 everyday household item to use for cleaning six romney family members hit campaign trail for ron paul - the romney s always create a controversy wheneva they talk bout their wealth..lol both of them are so bad at it mini-firestormrt msnbc chevy volt named european car of the year virginia hill wood organized alaska conservation foundation in 1960 - authentic alaska voice in conservation rt politicalticker live blog of super tuesday plus more - breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt thinkprogress kpua hawaii cancel rush limbaugh show the most recent incident ha crossed a line of decency  dabyrdman33 come on man goliath you know how many fucking david s there are in virginia public school for vicki kay 52 the choice wa clear a she voted this morning in west roxbury gop candidate mitt romney. rt paulbegala about to go on cnn with alexcastrt garepublicans super tuesday polls are now open rt if you cast your vote for the next gop president of the u.s. gagop ronpaulrt grahamdavida wd be hilarious if he drop at 12 01 mt thefix newt getting secret service starting at midnght. guess he s staying in ..tennessee voter why we need newt 4all2c tnprimary tn gop rnc 250gas tennessee georgia withnewt public rally tuesday dalton ga. 11 a.m. nw georgia trade convention center 2211 dug gap battle roadrt parkour_lewis but yeah let be real if it weren t on the way to dc who s really going to virginia mit rt travelchannel today s daily escape is from nantucket harbor massachusetts. quantumpathic is coming to ohio iin march constantcontact this look like a fun race in mcdonough georgia rt greatdismal speaking of mugabe i think he ha a lock on vermont on super tuesday. and look for joe mccarthy to take ohio. seeno ..rt klsouth newt gingrich ha a message for you -- gt gt withnewt tnprimary timetochoose supertuesday oh ..rt huffingtonpost 8 everyday household item to use for cleaning rt huffingtonpost 8 everyday household item to use for cleaning rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt rcooley123 santorum higher-income people don t have to pay tax the raw story . chucktodd we know he s going to win the delegate - what mittromney want to do is shut the perception battle nowwithalexrt thinkprogress dear shell heard your ad on the rush limbaugh show today. what is your position regarding limbaugh s attack on san ..rt king_features supertuesday and jeremylin humor from mallardfillmore comics. rt davidcorndc santorum on single-moms in 1994 simply breeding more criminals. really. comparinglowincomewom ..i found i could say thing with color and shape that i couldn t say any other way - thing i had no word for. georgia o keeffert thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt toddgunter michelle obama wasn t proud of america until barack ran for president. ann romney considers her rich to be friend and .. cfb bcs soonernation link landry jones legacy justinmanning landryjones oklahomaredistricting force ohio democrats into primary fight toledo ohio reuters - he is a liberal gadfly who capt.. rt rainbownewsnet homophobic jewish-christian robots attacking fellow robot mitt romney rnn homophobia news rt book_faerie rt kimjongnumberun i m very excited about super tuesday. can t wait to see who win and who get executed. supertu ..i would rather vote for jimmy carter than mitt romney..rt washingtonpost how to completely utterly destroy an employee s work life john mccain say rush attack on law student totally unacceptable .good for him. that s leadership.john sarah todd rt nicholsuprising thetford vermont vote 147-3 for move to amend constitution to overturn citizensunited. htt ..rt thehill poll show romney gaining among conservative by joneasley romney tcot supertuesday mitt2012 paccouncil member martykaplan writes harvard santorum and the one-state solution for the jewishjournal  georgiaweller got it for my birthday eek 19th aprill i ve never ever been so excited georgia s you coming out thurs night btw xrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. orwin smith injury georgia tech yellow jackets without their top running back for spring football remember it is not a dead heat unless it is a statistical dead heat supertuesdaylmaaoo octobersvry0wn lankanlika i m in oklahoma home of tornadoes. it can t possibly be worst. lol shouldn t newt s home state know exactly what he s done lol how fucking retarded are the voter in georgia rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  paulbegala alexcast how long can clearchannel keep rush on ad free for vicki kay 52 the choice wa clear a she voted this morning in west roxbury gop candidate mitt romney.  abc romney get a grip rt msnbc employers college demand facebook password rt thehill poll show romney gaining among conservative by joneasley romney tcot supertuesdayrt hilberrytheatre feature on summer and smoke director - tennessee williams play provides unique directing.. ready for this wknd to get here. goin to ohio. pro football hall of fame hyfr2nd reading - hb4088 - repealing the west virginia telecommunication  missleighc of course i will be sitting in front of my tv watching andersoncooper and wolfblitzercnn on cnn from 7- supertuesdaytoday in 8 of 10 state it s between rick man on dog santorum and mitt dog on station wagon romney. bottomofthebarrel p2 ctlhas santorum repented of his big government way if not he s not a conservative. tcot supertuesday bretbaier rachellefribergrt imsure you should be allowed to vote in every state you own property you pay taxes-you should be allowed a vote withnewt all th ..santorum s private side through wife s eye but these day rick santorum is at home - on the campaign trail. .. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. you mean if all the candidate win today santorum will be part of a three-way tie supertuesday rt crgonzalez vermont on single payer healthcare not yet rt teapartyvssanto rt thehill poll show romney gaining among conservative by joneasley romney tcot super ..dkos rick santorum single mother political base of democratic party are breeding more criminal gopmisogynyrt bostondotcom for vicki kay 52 the choice wa clear a she voted this morning in west roxbury gop candidate mitt romney. ..watching alaska state trooper in criminal justicuee . politicprophet ricksantorum my mom wa a single mom and i am far from criminal..none of her child are.. americaneedsmitt rt thinkprogress breaking 10th advertiser bonobo announces they will pull ad from rush limbaugh rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  video mathew bowman a historian of mormonism explains why many mormons are uncomfortable with mitt romney dam i swear i woke up n tennessee wit this bomb as weather thatnigga_fofo bra you going to west georgia loves ohio s no smoking rule in restaurant and place of work. edenjac they are out maneuvered by senatorreid and the main stream media - it s not complicated ericcantor mittromney reppaulryantime to power down mittromney for the day so he can dream about whatever it is robot dream about.romney s national healthcare mandate rt american_bridge where wa dicklugar this morning did you guess high-dollar fundraiser in dc video insenrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. 1994 - santorum single moms are breeding more criminals p2 fem2 misogyny gop fail ricksantorum i m pulling for you rick rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..romney demint 2012 tcotnew show - rt bangsandabun people of london my brother s band the awesome alaska are playing at the bull gate ..romney santorum square off in super tuesday battle columbus ohio reuters - mitt romney could take a big step toward polishing off chi johnkingcnn do you consider yourself an unbiased journalist rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot rt davidaxelrod romney disingenuously assails obama at aipac and then vehemently promise to do what obama ha already done. ..rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price .. rolandsmartin the pager bill their blockbuster bill car mortgagegel manicure good or bad it s supertuesday the alleged chardon school shooter in court. fox8news at noon right now chadsimmons_ top prospect in south carolina tramel terry t_freshgc ha committed to georgia. 6-0 185 wr cb athrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt armorcavspin only newt is leading gingrich to newsmax obama fails israel on nuclear iran via newsmax_media morgansmiami chicken waffels kind of day it s supertuesday have a superlunch sounds like my kinda day from am bostonglobe pg1 meeting a whole lot of super tuesday with romney coming home to vote in belmont this afternoon.we need to unite around mittromney today stay on the right track 2 beat obama mitt2012 gagop ohgop tngop supertuesday america usart familiesusa via bostondotcom interesting read - in 2009 mitt romney urged pres. obama to use lesson from ..rt jcarterology please get out to vote. obama is on the ticket democratic presidential primary he still ha to qualify in georgia..p ..rt jeffeisenberg if jae crowder tweeted video of himself dancing to country roads tonight the internet in west virginia might break.rt greatdismal speaking of mugabe i think he ha a lock on vermont on super tuesday. and look for joe mccarthy to take ohio. seeno ..the only people ronpaul will feel obliged to help are we the people not goldman sachs. he get his support from all of us. for libertyrt someecards watch ann romney show her husband what an out-of-touch gaffe from the super-rich really look like. gotta loathe mitt romney lecturing factory worker in zanesville oh - a town whose median family income is 10k le than he make in a day. ricksantorum eventscongratulations ssg milton chen blackhorse brigade for being selected a virginia defense force noncommissioned officer of the year 2012.rt prismsinc ohio folk seem strongly prolife .. bodes well for rick ..rt ronpaulsvoice only a totalitarian society would even claim absolute safety a a worthy ideal ronpaul supertuesday gopmitt romney s family vote for ron paul via wordpressdotcom families - who d have em rt mandingo_dave ron paul for prez newtgingrich show those on the fence this picture of the gas pump yesterday tank of gas - 110 rt wsj what should pro-active spouse do when their partner won t seek help live chat today at 11a et w ebernsteinwsj ..i think romney win ohio tonight by about 5 . his number among conservative and tea partiers keep rising. and he ll finally stop singing.daily kos 1994 rick santorum single mother are breeding more criminal rt thefix newt gingrich getting secret service protection starting at midnight tonight. so guess this mean he s staying in. .. cnn where is the push to get this one off the air gt mike malloy ridicules tornado victims tcotoklahoma voter why we need newt 4all2c okprimary ok gop rnc 250gasatlanta georgia i m lovin it..rt huffingtonpost 8 everyday household item to use for cleaning  santorum only cand. 2 address aipac if iran doesn t get rid of nuclear facilities we ll tear them down ourselves  omfgangie kelly_nicky lol i wa homeless when i visited ohio with my friend lol everything will work outrt nancyafrench please follow evangelicalsformitt efmitt - our old account wa hacked but we re back - new and improved .. acollinsbyrnes sounds like the opposite of respecting their choice. it s dividing the party.. how about romney supporter vote paul rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers  romney promise war with iran mgmadvertisernice cool wind friggin brutal sun burning me. gah georgia sun rt elxn2012 mitt romney restoring the american promise tcot tngop gagop ohgop okgop ndgop mitt2012 2012g ..rt bobbycash74 jordan newt - swag city official video via youtubert wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..rt tombevanrcp irony on nydn home pg story about advertiser leaving limbaugh appears under piece about actual slut prostitute. ht .. brookesterama 1 yes. 2 reread my tweet. i would vote for obama if santorum were the nominee. and i find obama reprehensible.rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  nmdems i wa shocked to learn that co rio rancho ha a picture id requirement for voting change in the city charter being voted on today.rt ofa_mi new number show how health reform is helping michigan. obama2012rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt klsouth newt gingrich ha a message for you -- gt gt withnewt tnprimary timetochoose supertuesday oh ..rt ezraklein jon stewart on rush limbaugh ccagw calls on georgia house to vote on hb 855 rt bobbycash74 jordan newt - fresh down to the socks tutorial via youtuberomney santorum take final shot before super tuesday showdown huntsvillert ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are. join me in t ..deadlock disaster - dick morris tv lunch alert romney santorum newt ronpaul obama hannity tcot gopblogged romney santorum square off in super tuesday battle rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt rcooley123 santorum higher-income people don t have to pay tax the raw story mt ingrahamangle santorum on romney individual mandate is not going to be an easy election we can t afford to be giving away issues.rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt gbtv get caught up for tonight s supertuesday special with these highlight from gbtv s 2012 coverage sjsuper tuesday gingrich say rival won t bring fundamental change newt gingrich launched his day of super tu.. rt drdrjojo fred thompson at newt gingrich rally in nashville via youtube withnewt tnfuneral today for demetrius hewlin ohio school shooting victim  newtgingrich we don t vote in washington but if we did you d get my vote. have to wait for the general elections. newt in 2012.ak caucus 2012 ron paul visited state but mitt romney has crucial endorsements paulrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  ronpaul eye nd caucus to pick up a state victory wday fargo nd rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt sctnowtulsa ex-professor arraigned in oklahoma child pornography case via tulsaworldrt ironman1776 we need to unite around mittromney today stay on the right track 2 beat obama mitt2012 gagop ohgop tngop super ..that s why i haven t watched foxnews in over a yr. mt rt ashewhole wonder how much romney pay fox for every time they mention his name so embarrassing rt huffingtonpost survey americans think americans are the world s worst tourist  senatormenendez the time to pass hr3012 and level the playing field for highskilledimmigrants is now virginia s young voters gas prices economy and jobs are top concerns - sacramento beebill to legalize marijuana in massachusetts get hearing on beacon hill rt teapartycat virginians remember it wa your restrictive election law that prevented anyone but romney and paul from being on your ..no republican nominee ha ever become president without winning ohio. love that buckeye state supertuesdayobama v romney electoral college map via youtubei m at southside bird cat and dog clinic 7020 s shields blvd i 35 and shields oklahoma city rt tidetex it s super tuesday or a it s also known newt s final dance.rt ronpaulmycar stay tuned tonight we ll live tweet ronpaul s best super tuesday remarks.rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt dacw10 santorum at aipac if iran doesn t get rid of nuclear facilities we ll tear them down ourselves ohprimary tn ga ..i only poop pissit with purpose direction idmakeareallygoodpolitician supertuesdayrt loser_domi reasonabledoubt i couldn t vote for santorum even in jest. i did write in sean avery for town mayor however ronpaul interview with laura ingraham march 6 via dailypaulrt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price .. usatoday yes proud that reno tahoe airport made it on the list i love reno3 6 what happens to north dakota s oil  realtaylorgang tgod coming to ohio university in may rt wsj couples therapy for one. some spouse are going alone to couple counseling to fix their marriages. rt dailykos rick santorum single mother are breeding more criminal rt rnc tweet u a photo next time you fill up at the pump and use the hashtag obamaonempty. we will rt and follow back tcotrt johnpaul530 famouslies obama i will fix this economy.. 4 gas is really fixing it comrade. nobama fail 250gas withnewtits your civic duty to vote. supertuesdayi added a video to a youtube playlist georgia sunrise - samplert wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..rt oritsklar voted for mittromney this morning. he s a conservative businessman not a career politician. mitt2012 gagop supertuesdayah and then a few year later idaho rescinded the era because it would have harmed woman more than it helped. idlegrt thinkprogress minnesota republican compare food stamp program to feeding the animal icymi azureblade7 ann romney i don t consider myself wealthy. i consider myself filthy fucking rich good to be back in tennessee so ann romney doesn t consider herself wealthy she should quit the exclusive country club now.. rt wsj couples therapy for one. some spouse are going alone to couple counseling to fix their marriages.  supertuesday idaho caucus state. large mormon population and most of turnout will be boise and boise burbs. romney wins. marcellachella sure i will stay up with all my sister brothers. supertuesday superronpaul ronpaul2012btw - only people in georgia can win.rt tanyaspringer an ohio senator is turning the table on the transvaginal ultrasound debate. and it s awesome. via thegreatsophini h .. speakerboehner waysandmeansgop i m sure there must be a counter argument to this article but i can t find one. anyone rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt starzandstrypz major obama contributor constantly spout sexist slander joke abt santorum s wife using vibrator left say nothi ..rt jbplainblog read stuff you should rt time he s young handsome and the heir to a political dynasty. why can t rahul gandhi win in india a new single family in newton ma 02468 just posted on massachusetts rt fathers4justice ricksantorum hey rick the silence is deafening 25 million ncp s want 2 know your stance on the federal funding ..rt thinkprogress dear shell heard your ad on the rush limbaugh show today. what is your position regarding limbaugh s attack on san .. cnnbrk ohio fire chief blame fatal nursing home fire on secret meth lab what rt newyorker rt tnycloseread super tuesday a flurry around contraception money nuclear bomb and barbara bush ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  j_nicoleworld lmaoo oohh yeahh my bad we don t claim mississippi lmao i mean tennessee loldcd wolf_trap aug 27 dead can dance s north american tour set for august - first show announced in virginia faintrt washingtonpost how to completely utterly destroy an employee s work life rt drdrjojo fred thompson at newt gingrich rally in nashville via youtube withnewt tnrt tcotvideos still looking at newt. republicans in congress hate him because he is not a party hack or republican suck-up. i liked hi ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt ariannahuff so doe this mean god s happy with everywhere that s not hit with a natural disaster  senatorsanders the time to pass hr3012 and level the playing field for highskilledimmigrants is nowrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt nytimes lulzsec hacking suspects are arrested rt kathleenmadigan ann romney say she doesn t consider herself wealthy. if i wa romney spokesperson i d stab myself in the eye w ..rt maddowblog newt moon base gingrich say algae-for-energy come from cloud cuckoo land rt pierredup excited to connect with an awesome group of pastor in oklahoma - thankfulforthemborn to a life of wealth and power romney s empathy for the common man you could put in your eye and it wouldn t even itch.latimes super tuesday gingrich say rival won t bring fundamental change not voting for change this year but rather a strong leader to take control and clean up the mess america ha become. mitt2012rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt wsjgraphics ohio and tennessee are the state to watch on super tuesday. the wsj guide don t forget to go vote today supertuesdayrt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt huffingtonpost survey americans think americans are the world s worst tourist rt johnkingcnn happy super tuesday. quick look at state and stake from a magicwall perspective more johnkin ..video complete ronpaul speechidaho falls 3 5 12 via dailypaulrt nytimes lens blog the libyan uprising looking back in photos rt nytimes lulzsec hacking suspects are arrested rt dailykos ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt wsjgraphics ohio and tennessee are the state to watch on super tuesday. the wsj guide anne romney s latest statement prof like her husband she ha no clue what the 99 go through and cannot even empathize.fuck mittromney 4 more years of barackobama the best president in while obamasuper tuesday voter put imprint on gop race mitt romney is angling to solidify his front-runner status and rick santorum to keep it.. jeffwbroderick i figured there would be enough going on in virginia politics for you.burns sloo like blunts with ya-yo peel more skin than idaho potatohorrors ronpaul no fed aid 4 emergency disaster tornado victim in illinois kentucky what doe little randpaul say rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt ksuowlnation owls baseball take on georgia tonight at coolray field at 7pm. proceeds from tonight s game benefit childrensatl. ..after polling approx 50 voter 99 voted rick santorum hope high in our county happy supertuesday y all pretty much like christmas eve for u poli-nerds. gop election2012 colbydub11 sacramento radio station play some gay music. don t you mean they play some santorum music. gay is good. santorum bad.rt virginiaminute virginia virtucon did you know there are 50 more democrats than republicans in virginia good morning 560chat i am a parsons560 alumnus visiting tweeting from alaska this morning. can t wait  newtgingrich good luck today. win georgia  supertuesday vote for gingrich dustinfox37 saturday sidney ohio it s our school football fundraiser and maybe like hour or two all u can eat and drink and horse racert newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gas gravesworld only in ohio my g lolgeorgia voter why we need newt 4all2c gaprimary ga gop rnc 250gas4 ann romney 2 imagine poor she d have 2 loose all her home car silk suit and her chef maids. knowing what she meant doesn t help  politicalticker republican president g.w. bush cause the downfall in america and republican blame president obama for not fixing it fasterthe fact that prick santorum is a frontrunner scare the shit out of me.newsbusters karlrove god bless gingrich for taking gregory out behind the barn giving him a whooping. amen to that y all love virginia now cuz that s all you know..move to a place where there s sunshine and holla at mewhy is mitt romney being a wuss because clearchannel is owned by bain capital.rt dwstweets romney s once again distorting the fact on barackobama s record on iran. spread the truth by sharing this video ..rt dredpiraterob do people realize that mitten romney s old company bain capital owns the rush limbag radio show..super tuesday gingrich say rival won t bring fundamental change newt gingrich launched his day of super tu.. random girl excitedly asked if i wa from ohio when she read my ohio is for lovers shirt. i smiled and said no i just love hawthornehgtsvt primary 2012 mitt romney headed for huge win in small state romneyi more concerned he s not sufficiently pro-america rt nationaljournal romney say obama is insufficiently pro-israel  nahlava cool i think the virginia destroyer are not coming back.rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price .. senatorreid the time to pass hr3012 and level the playing field for highskilledimmigrants is nowrt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt dwstweets romney s once again distorting the fact on barackobama s record on iran. spread the truth by sharing this video ..planning for next week s motownmission spring break week with fordham u and georgia wesley foundations rt snellvillepatch live blog super tuesday - the gop primary in georgia - snellville rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ohio add 4 time more new plant than calif. ohio which ha struggled economically for year added more larg..  paranomalousart just like the gold takedown of 2 29 12 ronpaul is mia according to establishment propaganda service aka msm newtgingrich sorry newt time to get out and support mitt. we need to defeat bo  foxnewsreports mittromney the limit does not exist philliplaird newt is the only one who can beat obama. if newt is not the nominee this country is doomed.while i think we should keep guy like santorum out of the limelight i hope there are some upset today a i enjoy political bloodsport.rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt thinkprogress breaking five more company pull ad from rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 20 advertiser overall. ..it s time to vote in tn make ricksantorum your next president change we can all believe in tngop santorum decision2012breitbart and newtgingrich newt2012hq vote newt for america and andrew tcfn tcot tlot ocracan t wait to see virginia s election turnout. if i have time i ll stop in to vote for paul and take an exit poll  clasicaliberal romney is no regan but he ll do. at least his a centrist and not a socialdemocrat reform socialist like obamart theblacksphere gingrich ha baggage o wa nannied by a tranny. no wonder dems don t want 2 know his past tcot tlot tpp p2rt ironman1776 economy is hurting bleeding jobs. romney ha the plan 2 fix it ha the winning message 2 defeat obama gagop ohgo ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt peanutt5 ronpaul is my choice for potus. i will not settle. there is no compromise. supertuesday goprt incevents rt isaswede i m good at picking corn. bill clinton on why he won ohio at growcort klsouth newt gingrich ha a message for you -- gt gt withnewt tn tnprimary ok okprimary teapartywill mitt romney continue his charge to the front or will rick santorum continue to complicate thing will be interesting to see jcsdss newtgingrich so everyone should write-in reagan s ghost odd request.. rnc you ve been saying this for a week or so now. but like most politician you never follow through on your promise truthhurtssometimes ifyouthinkaboutit i m not really rich at all. romneyslogans romney2012 romney supertuesdayrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. the gop ha no intention of beating obama.if they did they would of put their support behind the only candidate that could beat him ronpaulromney slam obama s six exaggeration at aipac rt washingtonpost what if supertuesday wa more like marchmadness  supertuesday have you voted yet vote newt rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gas  dacw10 - newtgingrich life in - virgina - pay no tax in -- georgia -- doe not support our local - economy - he did not get my vote rt hlm25933 tennessee voter why we need newt 4all2c tnprimary tn gop rnc 250gasthis is last week in the georgia senate and yes in the wake of the two hall of fame inductions. one in the.. we play no chess no curveball no angle. as intelligent a i am i dont have patience for it. we treat life like one big-ass oklahoma drill2012 caa tournament title vcu wins automatic ncaa tournament bid will drexel get an invite the virginia comm.. search health jobs rn - isc at hca idaho falls id rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt huffingtonpost colbert call rush limbaugh a poster boy for contraception rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasspecial detail required just for that powerful brain rt thefix gingrich getting secret service protection starting tonight. politicsron paul go after newt s 250gas plan say gas is cheaper in real money today than ever. he ha a 10centgas plan. facepalm gopi can t wait for mitt to get crowned king elephant so i can stop hearing the awful word coming out of santorum s face.rt ofa_wi join singer janellemonae in support of obama2012. watch the video rt huffpostpol exclusive ex-head of israeli intelligence criticizes mitt romney on iran making the situation worse ..rt klsouth i want someone who can fight every dirty trick in the left s playbook and win. someone who promotes american exceptionalism ..rt integralwellnes ron paul vs. the honestmistake the final cut the house of delegates is now in session watch it live here rt cnnsitroom starting now cnn supertuesday election roundtable live powered by ciscosystems webex. watch at . newtgingrich withnewt in support of 250gas for supertuesday article tcot teaparty ocra gop bhomustgoif mommy don t hurry up we want be going to georgia tech today . newtgingrich s 2.50 gas promise sound like a kid promising free soda if elected class president.not even close. smh rt imnorahs ann romney is no match for first lady michelle obama. are you serious right now before actually during super tuesday tcot tlot teaparty p2 ocra supertuesday somebodyelse2012 dacw10 - newt - you betcha. i voted newt.steady stream of voter here at amherst elem 8 hr to go on supertuesday voting have your id ready wbir wvlt knoxvotes knoxnews 6newsrt la_hargis newt i don t care who you are i care who you want to be. military veteran withnewt ohprimary ca kansa tn k daveweigel alaska dispatch. all the others are pwned by koch.rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  speakerboehner all the press want to talk about is this 31 yr old woman who think the catholic church should pay for her recreation rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. mitt romney has nearly us 45 million in liquid assets according to wealth-x happy happiness health thefix none of the candidate will be in after tonight if romney get 220 delegates..it s all over if that happens.video alaska wolves rescued - dave malkoff report full story wolf blitzer moderate a special supertuesday cnn election roundtable with cnn s political team. live rt jengranholm fmr oh gov. ted_strickland say race will be close even though santorum campaign is sloppy loosely connected. ..rt time the most amazing fact about the universe explained rt huffingtonpost female body builder a different face of beauty photos rt rene_devries six romney family members hit campaign trail - for ron paul - rt nationaljournal romney say obama is insufficiently pro-israel reuters redistricting force ohio democrats into primary fight msnbc givin a great rundown this supertuesday superstokedohio voter remain angry about republican attack on union via progressohiort joenigm before you vote today ask yourself. who would best take the fight to the medium and obama that s newtgingrich ga tn ok ..rt elxn2012 romney shed his reputation soar tcot tngop gagop ohgop okgop ndgop idgop vagop magop mi ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. come visit atlanta gold inc. atg at booth 2752 re gold-silver project on path to production in idaho usa pdac  senatorvitter the time to pass hr3012 and level the playing field for highskilledimmigrants is nowit s super tuesday..tell everyone to get out vote 4 ron paul today in our newscast we will be exploring ethanol use in north dakota. sales of ethanol and flex-fuel vehicles.. rt romneycentral by elite system doe he mean marriage daveweigel newt we had better have a profound fundamental overthrow ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. the only tornado i see is newt wiping out obama rt columbiaweather sunny this afternoon high 60 16 c . low 42 6 c tonight.rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  abc romney s sissyrt janeymurph santorum ineligible for up to 18 ohio delegate rt washingtonpost what if supertuesday wa more like marchmadness santorum to virginia i m not on the ballot but just google me.rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  occupythemsm it about delegate ronpaul is winningromney urged obama to adopt the individual health-care mandate teaparty supertuesday withnewt billmaher mittromney barackobama rushlimbaugh bill don t deluge yourself this was meant right 4 you who is a scum of the earth beat depaul we can beat west virginia and then we can beat syracuse bethanyshondark or perhaps one with whom reagan agreed more and who didn t himself attack reagan newtgingrich massive ronpaul rt - everyone please 1 click view tweet then 2 retweet the following boxed tweet 2 arrested after allegedly plotting shooting at former high school over facebook two massachusetts men were arr.. things mitt romney won t lie about nothingrt vickyvette lt it s super tuesday supertuesday vote for my tits retweet  usatoday where s freedom of expression if we fired folk 4 poor choice of word then half of america would be jobless. rushlimbaughrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. dont expect the govt to forgive the debt you take on oh thanks romney just cast my ballot for ronpaulrt vickyvette my unofficial unscientific bullshit pornstar political poll pickone romney santorum gingrich or paul supert ..rt wsj the period between apple product launch and their actual sale ha seen an average gain in the stock of 4.53  coachmjackson i smell a vacation to virginia in the future santorum hit romney for 2009 health care op-ed - political hotsheet - cbs news phoenix suns v oklahoma city thunder nba live stream march 07 2012  northdakota brace for the most attention it will receive for the next four year next thursday celebrate year of jazz at main plaza with paul newman and sidney poitier music ron wilkens 5-8pm. lottiehoran georgiaa__ yep happy birthday georgia d xx kishatea aight..bring it to my new duck off spot across the street from georgia perimeter - santorum in steubenville today. i could go.. 7 30pm. be a part of history. naah..in a sign his campaign is continuing past supertuesday newtgingrich will get secret service protection tomorrow. uranium working group working it way around the people of virginia via bluevirginia maddow if bibi attack let him go it alone. wish him good luck of course but only by phone.  nukelielson i like this supertuesday but no i think everyday is a rolling stone day in my life - but today is exceptionally stonesyrt stephenathome you know that warm tingly feeling you get when your foot fall asleep that s how i feel about mitt.rt greatdismal speaking of mugabe i think he ha a lock on vermont on super tuesday. and look for joe mccarthy to take ohio. seeno ..lane virginia maid cedar hope chest restore - advice needed. i wa recently given an old lane cedar hope chest.. think progress santorum suggests romney may have removed damning usa today editorial from paper s archives  ingrahamangle not a ron paul fan but that s hard to argue.repubs are judgmental on social issue never have any solution except marriage religion.  withnewt and hoping for a newtcomeback who s with me im really curious to see how supertuesday play outrt time can this man get americans off the pipe rt gthomse weve tried the hopey changey thing for 3 year now no progress. time to put a man in wh who ha actually held a job mitt2 .. speakerboehner waysandmeansgop this is lie and propaganda. republican policy are the greatest threat to seniors.rt gbtv get caught up for tonight s supertuesday special with these highlight from gbtv s 2012 coverage sj mpoindc ha that s great. shitthatonlyhappensindcrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. west virginia next weekend ohh shitt. doinitbig richlandcrpc discoverohio love the carrousel district coney island diner antique store swoon mansfield ohio travelbeautiful day in columbus ohiort visitma massgov s massgovernor deval patrick ha proclaimed march 2012 a irish heritage month in massachusetts ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  bluegrasspundit this is one thing that concern me most about romney that he will be a true rino he would follow thru on dems value clairecmc right. just like all of you democrats condemned ed shultz s comment about laura ingraham right give me a breakrt coffeepartyusa sen. lisa murkowski regrets vote for blunt amendment re. contraception - alaska republican feel she let voter down ..got accepted to virginia union university rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers japanese style vermont curry sauce mix 4.4 oz review readytoeat currypaste instantcurry nytimes advertise with u on radio weekday 12pm to 6pmromney santorum square off in super tuesday battle  pandorapixi therealroseanne barackobama newtgingrich mittromney billmaher mmflint i won t support that type of politics rt clairecmc john mccain say rush attack on law student totally unacceptable .good for him. that s leadership.john sarah todd http ..ohio man dies after meth lab fire at nursing home thanks to all of those who made this day of supertuesday -themed underwear possible must watch please take the 5 minute to watch this video that show the gop s false attack on the president on.. rt govchristie dems have stopped talking tax increase joined call for relief we ve turned trenton upside down ..rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers ohio man dies after meth lab fire at nursing home medical examiner ids ohio man who died after meth lab fire in..  ricksantorum you have my vote supertuesdayi celebrate patriotism everyday with a nice hot americano. supertuesdayrt secondchronicle rick santorum stepped away from the campaign trail briefly today to personally a.. rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..rt wsjgraphics ohio and tennessee are the state to watch on super tuesday. the wsj guide  ronpaul head for super tuesday delegate haul in fertile idaho via guardianrt nprnews eu nations to resume nuclear talks with iran check out our special super tuesday page .. wabenews supertuesday read romney s attack bomb driving ppl to vote democrat yeah it s like that mittwit facepalmrt k_wp ariannahuff who said it mitt romney or mr. burns lol farleftofright rush s bos is.. mitt romney bain capital along w a prvt equity co owns clear channel. therefore mitt is rush s boss rt johnquid rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. ohio man dies after meth lab fire at nursing home rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot  donnabrazile can we just ignore him and maybe he ll go away rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt ingrahamangle ron paul on israel from a political standpoint israel should do what it need to do. we shouldn t tell them what to do.rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  speakerboehner please take up the senate transportation bill and urge your caucus to pas it video rick santorum addresses the annual aipac conference march 6 2012 2012 electionron paul for prez rt thinkprogress the 15 company that won t advertise on rush limbaugh anymore rt klsouth gingrich romneycare obamacare romney on gas obama on gas 250gas timetochoose withnewtrt kellyo in georgia for super tuesday..sample ballot..southern hospitality at polling place too. having too much fun alone on campus watching 24-hour supertuesday cable tv.subservient society neither maintain nor deserve freedom for long ronpaul supertuesday goprt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot rt rolandsmartin statement by the president on the passing of congressman donald payne - rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  senate_gops get rid of speculators rt cnn michele bachmann responds to piersmorgan s gay marriage question - i m not here a anybody s judge  zinn43731 for once i think we are going to agree on something im voting for ricksantorum today ohio gop supertuesdayrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt bostondotcom dropkick murphys to papelbon no more shipping up to boston redsoxwhy are republican voter in ohio having such a hard time today casting their vote supertuesday ohioprimary whatshouldplaynext on 98.1 the lake georgia satellites stray cats or prince_live vote npvideo ronpaul interview with cavuto on oil the dollar 03 05 12 via dailypaul senbennelson the time to pass hr3012 and level the playing field for highskilledimmigrants is nowrt washingtonpost this is why short guy can dunk shortdunkersrt wsjgraphics ohio and tennessee are the state to watch on super tuesday. the wsj guide rt webstertarpley horrors ronpaul no fed aid 4 emergency disaster tornado victim in illinois kentucky what doe little randpaul ..i ve been hearing the song georgia peaches by lauren alaina a lot over the last 24 hours. it s horrible. rt washingtonpost in 2010 93 of income gain went to the top 1 mrs. romney when you are no longer rich because of your medical bill we will all give you a big hug rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. lol newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. magnitude 2.5 - southern alaska via usgs rt js_biz walker forge parent buy tennessee company santorum single moms are breeding more criminals via motherjonesrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt oheducation ohio state board of education president pay visit to ohio s top performing school ohio bill offer men a chance to jump thru crazy medical hoop to get viagra vaginawars h t seasonothebitch yes i do. i am very lucky. rt cakreiz joenbc never return to elective politics. you ve got best gig ever.scenes from super tuesday the final push one woman worry about her romney vote santorum strong in at least ..  seanhannity nytfury last poll i saw abt a month ago had newt. i m sure with the push on social issue lately santorum bump him.rt forward_future azureblade7 ann romney i don t consider myself wealthy. i consider myself filthy fucking ..rt cnnsitroom starting now cnn supertuesday election roundtable live powered by ciscosystems webex. watch at cmu mit georgia tech study say 25 of tweets not worth reading find 9 way to improve content rt thinkprogress sen. murkowski r-ak regret voting for blunt bill i have let these woman down i just heard rick santorum say iranian leader are radical theocrats rt jaketapper white house greets iran news with skepticism gt i m a little white girl lost in the wood mittromney please help me please help me help help help this arnold palmer sweet tea lemonade reminds me of georgia  governorva votes early to avoid virginia women protesting his extreme policies p2 runawayrt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt thinkprogress breaking five more company pull ad from rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 20 advertiser overall. ..fsu cultural post re newt or mitt vs obama. can either of em beat him i got a job bro..fighting .. at rwdrt starzandstrypz major obama contributor constantly spout sexist slander joke abt santorum s wife using vibrator left say nothi ..first read - santorum call romney dishonest about health care .. cuyahoga falls oh making his final pitch .. vermont wine sustainable wineries shelburne vineyard  newtgingrich nothing say bold like space travel newt is a coot newtthecootromney s problem with health care is that he actually believes in .. in a scoop that demolishes a year s worth..  maddow you should be covering this.. lakota nation stand up to keystone xl rt madjen34 rick santorum stepped away from the campaign trail briefly today to personally a..  leanne_mariah punk rock out of virginia beach - spoiled americans - va - newt on romney s winning strategy anyone who think romney can outraise obama it ain t going to happen fail supertuesday 250gasrt hrc mitt n match romney s jarring inconsistencies on lgbt equality rt klsouth gingrich romneycare obamacare romney on gas obama on gas 250gas timetochoose withnewt washingtonpost rough life. tough problems.why is today called super tuesday ten state being contested for a total of 419 delegate that s why. supertuesdayrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt nancyafrench please follow evangelicalsformitt efmitt - our old account wa hacked but we re back - new and improved ..if they make the movie election 12 here s who i think should play the leads.. warforthewhitehouse supertuesday  2004 ford f350 2800 down plus 107 a week stoughton massachusetts 2004 ford f-350 rick santorum a dream candidate for democrats - the australian  speakerboehner waysandmeansgop u r fighting to give socsecurity to wallstreet cut medicar now you r worried about senior healthcare rt ofa_wi join singer janellemonae in support of obama2012. watch the video santorum warriors are out via twitter action. my voice is being heard through their voices. i need only to rt today..rt nytimes lulzsec hacking suspects are arrested rt politicalticker live blog of super tuesday plus more -  happysupertuesday prediction mitt 6 gingrinch 1 santorum 2 paul 1 and ohio anyones game..rt teamsantorum rt mattbeynon no no i like mandates. mandates work. - mitt romney via politicalwirert thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt cnni death toll at 177 in yemen slaughter so liberals are starting to advance the mormon issue now that it appears romney will win the nomination. so much for tolerance p2 tcot abc mark shields re mittromney he s an interesting man-he s an able man-but his foreign policy experience-is as good as mine on ballet scenes from super tuesday the final push one woman worry about her romney vote santorum strong in at least .. i encourage everyone to go out and show support for rompaul get informed rt nyamekye_ali y all love virginia now cuz that s all you know..move to a place where there s sunshine and holla at me donnabrazile why are conservatives flip-flopping on conservative idea if because obama pass their law then they-r-lost. mandate ryanobles it wa a very slow day at about 8 30 only about 12 had voted at my precinct 204 i voted for mittromneygood luck in ohio today rt ladyimpactohio fairtaxnancy please pas all over and rt. thanks.this scapegoating is a highly destructive tendency. mitt romney on obama blaming insurance company others does anyone ch-ch-choose romney drudgehedsrt huffingtonpost watch dog play piano and sings rt tpm the wobbly top north dakota gop aiming for mistake-free caucus in national spotlight teaparty12 03 pm 46f wind calm bp 30.5inhg rh 45 24hrrn 0 cb 5402 lancaster ohio weather santorum - that s allrt paranomalousart its supertuesday and the name ron paul is nowhere on the drudge report right now - still think the blackout isn t ..oh horsemen fight breeding fund money grab ohio horseman are lobbying the state senate to alter.. horseracingty4follow mrwebman i now follow you withnewt to lead u back to a strong economy constitution 2012gop primary ga oh tn ok 250gasrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. gm rt amakin good morning 560chat i am a parsons560 alumnus visiting tweeting from alaska this morning. cant wait 560chatrt time the most amazing fact about the universe explained  stu_gbp anyone there woke up to the fact that santorum is anything but conservative i plan to restore honor when i vote mittromneyrt bobbycash74 jordan newt fans react - belvedere middle school performance via youtubeit is important to handle idaho mold cleanup promptly  senbillnelson the time to pass hr3012 and level the playing field for highskilledimmigrants is now nicole_halse it s 21 here i think i wanna go to grad school down south my dad want to move to tennessee  metroadlib ..woody s beach bbq in chincoteague. i could go on. i stan for the commonwealth of virginia.rt ezraklein young woman who had access to the pill in the 60 earned 8 percent more at age 50 than those who didn t rt wtopinva virginia s missed super tuesday opportunity larry sabato director of the university of virginia center f.. ..rick santorum single mother are breeding more criminal via dailykosrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. spanish bilingual - field service representative - oklahoma city at nielsen ok nielsen media .. spanish job southpark iamdiddy supertuesday choose between giant douche and turd sandwich today voteordiemutherfuckerrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. scenes from super tuesday the final push one woman worry about her romney vote santorum strong in at least .. rt senatorsanders video sen. sanders on cnbc explaining how the cftc is refusing to regulate excessive oil speculation ..now tables for almost everyone a retirement community in virginia revers a controversial policy excluding .. virginia right endorses ron paul in the virginia primary perhaps none of the republican presidential candidate ha a much riding on super tuesday a newt gingrich. by.. scenes from super tuesday the final push one woman worry about her romney vote santorum strong in at least .. rt dustindepp just voted for ricksantorum you should toort webstertarpley 6 march watch presstv 1 30pm eastern for tarpley analysis ows madison wisconsin michigan ohio florida vi ..rt thefix rich kid for mitt romney. so good spanish bilingual - field service representative - oklahoma city at nielsen ok nielsen media .. spanish jobrt cnnbrk joe biden meet with mexican president felipe calderon gun trafficking discussed karen santorum my husband is brilliant like anyone belief she is allowed to have her own opinion senbobcorker the time to pass hr3012 and level the playing field for highskilledimmigrants is nowscenes from super tuesday the final push one woman worry about her romney vote santorum strong in at least .. check it out scenes from super tuesday the final push one woman worry about her romney vote santorum stron.. wait the latest nick cave-written movie ha gary oldman in depression-era virginia going to bed please wake me august 31.rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt whinenot newt pledge i will not apologize a comm-in-chief when young americans are under fire i will stick with the young americ .. bitchesnblunts romney is a white supremacistrt elvincan2 romney urged obama to adopt the individual health-care mandate teaparty supertuesday withnewtrt time is immaturity becoming a medical condition via timehealthland georgia s own byron herbert reece via addthis boropulse i already did..this morning in ohio. ron paul 2012 rt ewerickson the consensus of romney fan in my twitter feed is that healthcare will not be a big issue in november. wow. we are so ..who will win santorum or romney electionrt thinkprogress higher income people don t have to pay tax if they don t want to. -- rick santorum 3 5 12 icymii m quoted in this wamu story about the virginia primary. i believe the loyalty oath wa aimed at ron paul voters. rick mitt argue who s most helpful to obamacare. neither can stand up to 0bama we need newt2012 teaparty rt peanutt5 ronpaul is my choice for potus. i will not settle. there is no compromise. supertuesday goprt sunnydaydreamer the only people ronpaul will feel obliged to help are we the people not goldman sachs. he get his support from ..rt charleywest we welcome new education writer dave_boucher1. give dave a follow if you re interested in west virginia education issues.rt wsj the period between apple product launch and their actual sale ha seen an average gain in the stock of 4.53 rt samisharpp everyone go vote ron paul today ronpaul ronpaul ronpaul usatoday predicting election result using socialmedia is not yet feasible datascience analyticsjob third grade teacher alexandria virginia diversity teachingjobs educationjobs privateschoolrt gthomse carolde demand_better mittromney good job and take ur neighbors to the poll to vote for mitt2012 ohgop ohprimary ..rt huffingtonpost should word like tranny and faggot ever be used rt dacw10 santorum only cand. 2 address aipac if iran doesn t get rid of nuclear facilities we ll tear them down ourselves ..rt thinkprogress breaking five more company pull ad from rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 20 advertiser overall. ..rt klsouth newt gingrich ha a message for you -- gt gt withnewt tn tnprimary ok okprimary teapartyscenes from super tuesday the final push one woman worry about her romney vote santorum strong in at least .. now tables for almost everyone a retirement community in virginia revers a controversial policy excluding .. rt zekejmiller apparently rick santorum and newt gingrich are listed a of virginia on the vermont primary ballot.rt benflatt30 supertuesday mean a night devoted to watching cnn newsroom. gonna be a fun night bigmasschaser gopi love it when there s a headline on cnn that say santorum fire back on obama and i immediately think of you know what on obama s face.rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. going to watch my own private idaho wendell jirasek r u ready  nytimes article h5n1 bird flu virus controversy open potential danger of amateur creating mutant virus. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt wsjgraphics ohio and tennessee are the state to watch on super tuesday. the wsj guide spanish job spanish bilingual - field service representative - oklahoma city at nielsen ok ni.. spanish jobthis wind is so strong it blew the i voted sticker right off of my shirt wind supertuesday oklahoma schnitt show romney currently ha 203 delegate santorum ha 92 gingrich 33 and paul 25. cc wiod wflart washingtonpost what if supertuesday wa more like marchmadness a new single family in quincy ma 02170 just posted on massachusetts creakers crystal meth the gateway drug to death. a nursing home fire in ohio that killed one person and injur.. rt nytimes lulzsec hacking suspects are arrested rt bobbycash74 jordan newt - fresh down to the socks tutorial via youtubei m at health sciences library 376 w. 10th ave. the ohio state university columbus la times - in ohio voter share unease about the future checking out romney s national healthcare mandate on project nsearch rt wsjgraphics ohio and tennessee are the state to watch on super tuesday. the wsj guide creakers crystal meth the gateway drug to death. a nursing home fire in ohio that killed one person and injur..  senchrisdodd the time to pass hr3012 and level the playing field for highskilledimmigrants is nowwhy isn t newt voting today doasisaynotasido mt newtgingrich supertuesday i ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative.it s a beautiful day in tennessee  georgiabennett_ hope you are feeling better georgia if you dm u your address we will post you a little gift for being a great customer xrt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. a new single family in weymouth ma 02188 just posted on massachusetts rt mittromney . barackobama again playing the politics of class warfare while proposing large tax increases. i will cut tax rate for ..rt nytimes lulzsec hacking suspects are arrested rt catholiclisa ricksantorum eventsvirginia cut a piece of my hair off. yolousdoj justice department to monitor elections in ohio .. -  cbsnews advertise with u on radio weekday 12pm to 6pm live music ybatoba hubert said it best.. without texas there would be no oklahoma state football without oklahoma there wouldn t be. cool argumentfunny how mark levin champion the constitution but reject ron paul when he knows paul is correct tcot thinkprogress there are a few more here in dc see out feedrt cnnbrk lulzsec hacker arrested source says. romney say he want to save the soul of america with whom joseph smith jesus or by the moneychanger justsayinat least santorum can t win delegate in va. i feel like all of rockingham co. would ve voted for him. willhughes44 congratulations georgia will be an interesting and unusual place to visit i imagine. travelbroadensthemindrt klsouth mt patriot_mac tn polls indicate newt 29 and surging rick 29 mitt 30 we can win tn withnewt working hard for ..rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..time 4 americans 2 unite behind 1 candidate mittromney to beat barackobama in nov. 2012 supertuesday election oh id al ok ga tnoh my georgia pie in ohio rick santorum say it s gut-check time the candidate called romney the weakest candidate for cham  algarman niacouncil romney santorum need 2 stuffle their rhetoric abt iran. it is none of their business what ha transpired w isreal.rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. christian publisher promotes anti-gay robocalls urging voter to vote not for homosexuality and mitt romney rt gbtv get caught up for tonight s supertuesday special with these highlight from gbtv s 2012 coverage sj thefix torture.. i bet it wa intentional.gingrich outlines plan to balance the budget via newtgingrichrt bobbycash74 drake- the motto remix hd jordan newt 16 bars series via youtubert thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  brianjameskirk thestartupbus ok thing are off to a great start rolling through west virginia nowfitting that wrecking ball come out on super tuesday. let s hope this country actually vote for the only real candidate ronpauljoin the laxcollegedems for tomorrow s greatertogether student summit rt sunnydaydreamer the only people ronpaul will feel obliged to help are we the people not goldman sachs. he get his support from ..one question do you think orrin hatch will be more help to a romney pres in saving our nation or some new noname swordmaiden truthseekerrt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gashappy super tuesday my prediction for tonight romney win ma vt va oh id santorum - tn ok gingrich - ga paul - ak ndrt jeffeisenberg if jae crowder tweeted video of himself dancing to country roads tonight the internet in west virginia might break.rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt globepolitical for vicki kay 52 the choice wa clear a she voted this morning in west roxbury gop candidate mitt romney. ..rt skeeteronmy fox dodged it s on twitter poll during debate that s true newtgingrich withmitt ronpaul ric .. cnn conservative candidate are hurting them self over obamart yigalschleifer santorum speaking at aipac call iran s leader radical theocrats. takes one to know one rick.63 delegates. goodness. let me look up the population of ohiort thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers  rednett yes it ha to be because newt can truly beat obama not just to debate him. we already know how that would turn out. allwaltrip taken newt here sir .. either him or 5 one step fasta than your average dawg cann ort thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt ricksantorum as commander-in-chief i would commit to keeping our promise to veterans. this is not a republican democrat issue bu ..rt kathleenmadigan ann romney say she doesn t consider herself wealthy. if i wa romney spokesperson i d stab myself in the eye w ..alaska - eib - the rush limbaugh show time to give limbaugh the bum s rush..rt saint_obama leaders make thing possible. exceptional leader make thing inevitable. newt gingrich belongs in the category of the ..romney promise military option to stop iran nuke - denver post rt huffingtonpost 8 everyday household item to use for cleaning today s super tuesday.. good luck to ron paul harabuji..hwithing rt nytimes lulzsec hacking suspects are arrested when people ask me do i know so-and-so at georgia state lt lt lt i m a freshman . there s 30400 students.. no i don t think i know rayray . davidaxelrod any side of a political race that set up a campaign page claiming unequivocally to represent the truth aren t. letsbehonestrt philipaklein newt is right on substance know the issue well. but the sound quality bad black background undercut his aipac speech.virginia beach officer accused of stabbing firefighters the accused is a first-year virginia beach policeman. .. romney say president obama should have kissed netanyahu s bare butt..cuz that s how you show respect. then he baptized his town hall tcotromney santorum square off in super tuesday battle usa-campaign romney santorum square off in super tuesday battlert thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt acollinsbyrnes georgia - an upset coming joining rest of country s republicans voting mitt romney rt parkour_lewis but yeah let be real if it weren t on the way to dc who s really going to virginia rt govchristie dems have stopped talking tax increase joined call for relief we ve turned trenton upside down ..rt thinkprogress sen. murkowski r-ak regret voting for blunt bill i have let these woman down rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt peanutt5 ronpaul is my choice for potus. i will not settle. there is no compromise. supertuesday gopfox news report that newt gingrich will start getting secret service protection tomorrow. gop2012 via- zls_politicsready for my trip back to georgia..ohio supreme court oks buckeye wind i wind project. give u your comments.dude in my class yellin ron paul i m like who da fuc is dat the i turn on the my president is black rt huffpostarts woman without hand becomes a photographer video jc watts vote for newt on march 6 via newtgingrich ohio court approves buckeye wind farm i don t understand this bipolar virginia weather. in jersey it straight cold during winter and hot a hell during the summer.rt prismsinc ohio folk seem strongly prolife .. bodes well for rick ..rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt thesportsvault great insight into the mind of figure athlete georgia holton alright it s supertuesday. go vote everybody vote2012rt time is immaturity becoming a medical condition via timehealthland  didyouknow massachusetts ha the lowest rate of uninsured motorist insurancebuy electronic smoke connecticut tennessee ohio tco bgo8p2bl e-cigarettes on sale georgia finna make a national championship run this fallvote today tennessee. ronpaul2012i m tired of paying ticket to the state of georgia.mitt romney versus mr. burns newt 2012 releases new ad 2.50 plan via newtgingrichwe should have more confidence in citizen making their own decision and decide once again to repeal federal prohibition ronpaul gopthe visitor industry sustains 62 00 job in central ohio and generates 7.2 billion in spending expcolsphoto breakfast. brunch. dinner. vermont ave. - los feliz prepare yourselves romney s likely to win every state except ok ga the show will essentially be over.rt zekejmiller apparently rick santorum and newt gingrich are listed a of virginia on the vermont primary ballot.will ron win idaho ronpaul lrptrt mostrolenk ndaa is the virginia house trying to stifle hb 1160 campaign for liberty romney santorum square off in super tuesday battle usa-campaign romney santorum square off in super tuesday battle rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. will ron win idaho of course he will haul in the delegate today from many state but can he .. tcot ronpaulrt markknoller and ap report death of songwriter robert sherman who with his brother wrote disney classices incl supercalifragilis ..rt huffingtonpost a charming way to dress up cupcake rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. on fnc in 10 with jennafnc and jon scott. tune in  aipac half of you should face a war crime tribunal-towing the gingrich line palestinians are an invented people shame on you aipacrt cnnsitroom watch supertuesday roundtable now w wolfblitzercnn arifleischer donnabrazile peterhambycnn ron paul superpac run by romneyites so claim mark ames but even if it s true it hardly prove.. tcot ronpaulrt thedailybeast let s hear it. rt davidfrum today s poll is santorum right that romney doe not share republican value ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  jj_mccullough did you jump ship on team romney rt dickmorristweet deadlock disaster - dick morris tv lunch alert romney santorum newt ronpaul obama ha ..ohio state and michiganrt skeeteronmy occupythemsm it about delegate ronpaul is winning danaperino i love the intelligence you bring to the five. what wa the british show you referenced monday with a fun accent rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gas d_tropp i m a sophomore had plan 4 ohio but i have alot 2 do at home prepare my lesson 4 child church a devotion pray 4 mert stlonair today s supertuesday show considers religious voting blocs. will there be such a thing a for example the mormon vot ..bully beat up gay student on video tell ohio school district to protect lgbt student via changei know ronpaul will win big today on twitter - but it will be interesting to see who win in real life. hopeful for ricksantorumron paul superpac run by romneyites ronpaul lrptrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. sweet the brain that wouldn t die jason evers virginia leith eddie carmel 1962 movie teamfollowrt klsouth gingrich romneycare obamacare romney on gas obama on gas 250gas timetochoose withnewt buttsbuttsbutts i checked schedule fly and no match ups. also i don t think anyone there is from georgia. huffpostpol oregon s groundbreaking care program serf a potential cost-cutting model for other state care firstrt bobbycash74 jordan newt - swag city official video via youtube minkoffminx maybe vermont rt dorisatkinson mrs. ann romney so far from reality what did u have to say i want to hug the poor and feed them cake  donnabrazile shake up all of iran via global speech admonishing iran s supreme leader not ahmad jad use quran to get iran off israelrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt elohdaboss dc maryland virginia where is annapolis it in va i think.. alina_elbon alina what town do you live in in tennessee today is supertuesday and so excited for the 10 state and over 400 delagates at stake. fitzlinesscary woman in lock step w spouse s misogyny. karen santorum defends husband on contentious front conspiracy rt tphealth santorum suggests romney may have removed damning usa today editorial from paper s archives  nick_glass24 true. georgia class is always impressive. they need to show the talent on the field. thats been hard for them in recent yrs. 2 follow me chenowethjfhash ashton chenoweth it is important to handle idaho mold cleanup promptly.. bayoeshrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  kirkwrites79 good morning afternoon. supertuesdayall you need to know about supertuesday in 59seconds washingtonpostrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt edgeonthenet santorum i ll unmarry all same-sex couples gay lgbtrt huffingtonpost hold a mirror up to a lion and this is what happens  ricksantorum fuck that  jaykingofsoloz lolol.. i m from ohio anti-nuclear groups in georgia seek to block first new nuclear plants in.. via youtubert wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..rt j_hawk12 home opener today 4 against oklahoma state bearrt sampgetssnooks someon tell me three good thing about virginia. and i don t mean athlete or musicians. marvelcomics_15 to georgiart thefix the only gop candidate with a net favorable rating among independent ron paul that s who. rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers  speakerboehner if it s true the more efficient system is a threat to senior congress will overrule harmfulness. deathpanelanyone newt the only hope we have to beat obama is to have better idea to communicate clearly to break through his billion-dollar campaign. it ain t no black ppl in tennesseert henrybarbour thefix romney is consolidating the folk who want to defeat obama in november retain our majority in the house and t .. iberdrola iberdrola_en build one of the world s largest wind farm in ohio whitehouse commercegov statedept fdirt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. how santorum became the gop s rocky balboa obama ha a six-to-one advantage among hispanics leading mitt romney 70 percent to 14 percent among likely latino voters.rt time is immaturity becoming a medical condition via timehealthland rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt ariannahuff who said it mitt romney or mr. burns greek debt tumultous european market us exposure to it all make this supertuesday important. today vote for real leader not slogans.romney hoping for a big leap in delegate race mitt romney hoped to take a big step toward the gop presidential .. rt volquest_paul looks like tennessee will host more visitor this weekend  tennessee by arrested development on slackerradio tennesee choose freedom choose newt rt time even if you hated it you should care that fox canceled terra nova. here s why via timeculture romney hoping for a big leap in delegate race mitt romney hoped to take a big step toward the gop presidential .. rt godsjoy2 i m hosting a trip to virginia beach kings dominion to joyfest concert grab the fam let s go 215276223 shay ex non out former deposed rt dailykos ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran going to vote ronpaul politicalactivismcheckout our new contest detail shravan oklahoma sooners production telugu short film industry weekend..  1 follow me chenowethjfhash ashton chenoweth it is important to handle idaho mold cleanup promptly.. bayoeshrt lambofgodband lamb of god cancels new zealand and alaska shows due to family emergency - live now got a question about supertuesday talk politics with tom defrank in d.c. askareporter pourmecoffee romney is seudo-wanna-be-obama.gop s failing attempt to confuse indy voters. epicfailrt armorcavspin only newt is leading gingrich to newsmax obama fails israel on nuclear iran via newsmax_media ariannahuff how the sleep deficit is damaging america s long-term health sleepweek video 2.50 gas. join u to make it happen. via newtgingrich video- black rva- wake up everybody richmond virginia collaboration rt wsjgraphics ohio and tennessee are the state to watch on super tuesday. the wsj guide spa sister terry bath mitt with embroidered dots - green how ciann covers the candidates tshanks to travis holte for this. tcot ronpaulim comin to georgia today.. winning. thank u godromney santorum square off in super tuesday battle usa-campaign romney santorum square off in super tuesday battle rt gingergibson fox news joylinfn report newt to get secret service protection beginning tomorrowann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy via thinkprogresslight turnout reported so far in supertuesday voting in ohio. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  santorum single mom are breeding more criminal gop poverty woman equality equity gopfail us2012 justicert rushtwoifbytea rush and the team at twoifbytea greatly appreciate all of your support. please stay tuned for a twitter exclusive .. joenbc and we are lucky for it.rt mexican mitt romney mexicanmitt ha a single out on itunes at last - a candidate we can dance to  kquark isn t it true. the romney s should lead on the planet romulon--they are so removed from our thought process our lives.my sweet virginia i m the same a i wa in your arms. lt 3checking out romney s national healthcare mandate on project nsearch one more reason to elect ron paul 2012 rt speakerboehner 4jobs rt housecommerce subenergy to address rising gasoline prices wednesday in hearing.  newtgingrich hey brain-zilla. after u loose your as today. take a moment to debate me on the issuenow reading ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy via cbsnews twittytaylor_13 i knew that wa why you put a . oh and i know tennessee is boring i want to live at the beach missed it earlier bbc news with ld s virginia chalmers bristol beyond asbestos family support mesotheliomamassachusetts considers shield law for journalists bloggers mediapost lpmn join coalition to challenge military spending ronpaul tlotrt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt joshuamiller79 ronpaulvirginia my wife i already voted for ronpaul don t miss gbtv s supertuesday election coverage ..it may be a little different than what you see on the msm sjfucking romney. teamsantorum minutemom mattbeynon politicalwire why is the right always surprised with libs romney act like . . . libs interesting chart for 99 of us.. romney s and obama s tax plan rt globecaleb from am bostonglobe pg1 meeting a whole lot of super tuesday with romney coming home to vote in belmont this afternoon.ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran mitt romney illustrates his for.. dk p2rt nytimes lulzsec hacking suspects are arrested romney early statements on immigration rt elvincan2 let s make a shout for newt2012 on supertuesday he s the man for the job. tnprimare ohprimary teapartytoday in our newscast we will be exploring ethanol use in north dakota. does ethanol play a role in purchasing your next vehicle ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran mitt romney illustrates his foreign po.. rt bobbyjean55 rick santorum funded planned parenthood pretend to be a social value kind of guy .. fake fraud ronpaul2012 ro ..we ll be live tweeting supertuesday result tonight visit our page for our latest election coverage. wabenewsi d go vote today but my favorite old white guy is my dad and he s smart enough not to run for office. supertuesday johnkingcnn what time doe live coverage start rt ofa_da 2.50 per gallon gasoline energy independence jobs -- an address by newtgingrich 250gas tn ok ..the only people ronpaul will feel obliged to help are we the people not goldman sachs. he get his support from all of us. supertuesdayrt klsouth top 50 reasons romney is unelectable. withnewt timetochoose oklahoma sooner tnprimary tnohio the key to super tuesday victory gingrich begin super tuesday in gwinnett as republicans from georgia to alaska go to the poll on super tuesday presidential candidatehere are a couple of store manager opening in ohio cleveland oh canton oh job ricksantorum you rush limbaugh and satan are like the same person . full of evil hatred with a distaste for sexy woman pathetic toonin irony rt zekejmiller apparently rick santorum and newt gingrich are listed a of virginia on the vermont primary ballotms. romney say she doe not consider herself rich. and she can be poor in spirit to blend in with the rest of america what the f six romney family members endorse ron paul constitution tcot ronpaul2012 ronpaul supertuesdayrespect gay and lesbian right in idaho. signonex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran mitt romney illustrates his foreign po.. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt tnrep it s superior tuesday at tennessee rep via dailykos ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran p2 p2b senjeffmerkley the time to pass hr3012 and level the playing field for highskilledimmigrants is nowmitt romney the unconvincing convert he can buy but can he sell rt morningmika enjoying this financialtimes on female entrepreneurship 10kwomendem lawmaker repcohen to protest rush limbaugh by not buying clear channel ad rushlimbaughsupertuesday alaska north dakota coffee shop caucus with very little turnout. anything could happen. won t matter regardless. clairecmc sowillyou refuseto apper on ed shultz show for calling bachmann a right wing slut and refuse maher show for calling palin a cunt tremco incorporated headquarters achieves leed gold certification beachwood ohio feb. 17 2012 tremco..  romney hoping for a big leap in delegate race mitt romney hoped to take a big step toward the gop presidentia.. hip hop class are this saturday at pony ride studios 1401 vermont come improve learn and have fun 4-5 30 intensechoreort underland super tuesday. i think ok gop voter will go for santorum although they consider him to be a tad too liberal.rt catholiclisa linked ricksantorum a message from rick striking distance wepickrick santorum oh tn ok ga ..rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..going to virginia today. then back to north carolina rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt familiesusa via bostondotcom interesting read - in 2009 mitt romney urged pres. obama to use lesson from .. ryanobles i saw a large bus with ron paul sticker going down broad st picking up homeless people.at daily kos ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran rt johnkingcnn happy super tuesday. quick look at state and stake from a magicwall perspective more johnkin ..rt senjohnmccain dear vlad surprise surprise you won. the russian people are cry too rt mattsmith223 beautiful day in columbus ohio lisalampanelli screw obama not literally and romney. lisa for queen of the fucking world. - rt zekejmiller apparently rick santorum and newt gingrich are listed a of virginia on the vermont primary ballot.rt cincienquirer ohio voting sticker ohel chris brown posing with fan at urban outfitters in virginia yesterday rt peach state defensive back donnie miles talk about his visit to the tennessee vols read more at insidetennessee it s super tuesday america. vote for mittromney and vote for a real change nobama johnygamerfritzrt wepickrick this is a must read for santorum supporters. the parallel between reagan s primary run in 1980 and rick santorum.. ht ..ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran mitt romney illustrates his foreign po.. what s pinterest you ask find out you could win a 25 winery gift card wine ohiort fortunemagazine lunch read work at facebook ceos immelt admires arresting image of ..rt johnicareed metroadlib ..woody s beach bbq in chincoteague. i could go on. i stan for the commonwealth of virginia.rt clairecmc john mccain say rush attack on law student totally unacceptable .good for him. that s leadership.john sarah todd http ..rt ariannahuff in super tuesday s shadow the poorest of the poor ohioans are still waiting for answer tomzellerjr rt ariannahuff how the sleep deficit is damaging america s long-term health sleepweek rt starzandstrypz major obama contributor constantly spout sexist slander joke abt santorum s wife using vibrator left say nothi .. hp multipurpose copy laser inkjet paper 96 brightness 20 lb letter size georgia-pacificrt citizens4mitt time 4 americans 2 unite behind 1 candidate mittromney to beat barackobama in nov. 2012 supertuesday election ..ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran coach frank beamer and first book join forces to bring new books to virginia kids put on a suit and tie mr romney. you re not fooling anyone from this side of the atlantic there are quite a few puzzling thing abo..super cocks rnc supertuesday ff akgop garepublicans idahogop massgop ndgop ohiogop officialokgop tngop vtgop_chair va_goprt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers super excited to see wsj stream up and running. get your supertuesday fill here why georgia whyyever notice the pt cruiser is the unofficial official car of middletown ohio as fracking boom hits ohio deceptive industry practices squeeze landowners fracking rt washingtonpost report forget the ipad 3 it s the ipad hd rt cnnbrk lulzsec hacker arrested source says. rt time photos sled dog vs. 1049 miles. it s the iditarod newt is poised to lose his current home state viriginia by the worst margin of any politician to lose their home state. will he drop out rt teapartycat virginians remember it wa your restrictive election law that prevented anyone but romney and paul from being on your ..video ap - voter voices virginia voters have but 2 choices in virginia ballot rule and deadline mean only..  ricksantorum ..stepped away for israel  rescue_monkey it s the ohio valley if you don t like the weather just wait a minutemitt romney will win 7 out of 10 state in today s voting based on twitter trend wtf mrs romney ..smh poor in spirit what s soo much money to a mf like you please remind us..rt rushtwoifbytea rush and the team at twoifbytea greatly appreciate all of your support. please stay tuned for a twitter exclusive ..stoked to hear about all my friend who were skeptical 4 year ago but are voting for ron paul today. proud of you guys. fbrt thinkprogress what thefix won t tell you the question ann romney wa asked when she said she doesn t consider herself wealthy h .. baseballcrank on the other hand i bet some down the ticket gopers are not thrilled w aspect of santy or newt on top either.ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran politicsrt zekejmiller apparently rick santorum and newt gingrich are listed a of virginia on the vermont primary ballot.rt washingtonpost it s a small world writer robert sherman dy at 86 . maggiepolitico there are demographic trend that favor ricksantorum - the early voting that s helped mittromney isn t a factor in ohrt umhoops um hoops report michigan to face west virginia at barclays center umbbrt ricksantorum our country wa founded on idea of god-given right not govt-given rights. we need leader who hold this a core belief. huffingtonpost beach boys at radio city in 78 when i wa 8. first acid trip at grateful dead show at spac in 88. justafewfind out which supertuesday primary is the most overlooked in red alert s opinion analyst tuesday crucial for santorum super tuesday ha arrived and voter in ten state will head t.. rinewsconfessions of a college-basketball benchwarmer a conversation with ohio state s mark titus. ready0614 tramel actually talk about that here ga georgia voter go to poll to pick republican presidential nominee it s anyone s guess how b.. santorum suggests romney may have removed damning usa today op-ed from paper s archives.  jazzshaw endorsing romney and pill h8ter rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. editorial first take ohio is delegate-rich mitt romney and rick santorum are virtually even in the poll ther.. gotta love this ohio valley weather rt sunnydaydreamer the only people ronpaul will feel obliged to help are we the people not goldman sachs. he get his support from ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  dustymc02 tomrogers23 joba ha really thinned down for this spring training we live in ohio.. so who care senjohnmccain the time to pass hr3012 and level the playing field for highskilledimmigrants is nowdavid axelrod slam mitt romney s cowardly response to rush limbaugh yeah da is a moron to tcotwwe taped wwe superstars from the td garden in boston massachusetts. dark match the great khali b. curt.. rt zekejmiller apparently rick santorum and newt gingrich are listed a of virginia on the vermont primary ballot. newt is the only candidate who proved he can make dc work bottom line of any promise from any candidate should be the deciding questionrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. woot georgia rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran mitt romney illustrates.. botturingtestrt thehill dem lawmaker repcohen to protest rush limbaugh by not buying clear channel ad rushlimbaughthink if i ask iggy s sports bar nicely they ll put on cnn tonight supertuesdayi just saw kirk cameron and rick santorum making out at a hardees.super tuesday gingrich say rival won t bring fundamental change . ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran  therealroseanne barackobama newtgingrich mittromney billmaher mmflint its funny my dad is into politics a we should all be..happy supertuesday politics loveitre latest romney faux pas. just did a posthumious baptism on anne s bank acct. its in mine jews run the bank ya know - ricklondonrt ariannahuff how the sleep deficit is damaging america s long-term health sleepweek yo newt it s super tuesday. here s how to save your candidacy photo billings library university of vermont high quality reprint of original detroit publishing co. photograp.. memphis filled with nigga rt bighead_dtf it ain t no black ppl in tennesseert baseballcrank i won t say romney can t win. i will predict that win or lose he ll run behind a lot of down-ticket gopers.no matter how unsuccessful our entanglement become our leader rarely question the wisdom of trying to police the world ronpaul goptonight on special report with bretbaier marthamaccallum will bring u the latest exit polling data for supertuesday 6pm et on foxnews  sharblom i don t think he s lying so much a he is totally ignorant mitt romney is scripted who writes the scriptrt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gas5 thing to watch for on supertuesday by pbsgwen  msnbc politicians usewars tosolve problem saveworld-bible end inworstwar jesus return tostop it sowars didn tsolve theproblems saveworldthe acceptable man mitt romney doesn t stir passion but perhaps he doesn t need to. rt zekejmiller apparently rick santorum and newt gingrich are listed a of virginia on the vermont primary ballot.rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ohio vote rick rooster santorum because what other candidate drove there for beer run in the 1980s  noh8campaign where do they have these in ohio im dying to do my no h8 photo.rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. i wanna move to alaska romney s super tuesday polls surge after he begins flaunting his wealth the onion - america s finest news source that awkward moment when your mom support rick santorumkeynote for greenprints solar success story will georgia lead gp2012 wooton tc today gideonstrauss of cpjustice list 4 question to ask of a political candidate. supertuesdaymitt romney got that scrilla.  cue patriotic music i just voted for the first time in my life. and i am so happy that it wa for rick santorum d get out and vote naic wade into contraception fight - santorum hit romney on mandate .. with contribution from jason millman.. lawsuit claim rape misconduct at d.c. marine barracks press release former tennessee executives at sommett group llc l. brian whitfield marsha whitfield and d. edwin rt joesixpacksays funny how mark levin champion the constitution but reject ron paul when he knows paul is correct tcotsoftware engineer jobs for the state of tennessee softwareengineer - rt whinenot newt the only hope we have to beat obama is to have better idea to communicate clearly to break through his billion- ..husband worth up to 250m mitt romney s wife say i don t even consider myself wealthy rt mattdelsignore putting out the call one more time where are nova ron paul supporter gathering tonight i m covering for wnewnews ..santorum rip single mother if you want to reduce the dem advantage what you do is build two-parent family p2rt greatdismal speaking of mugabe i think he ha a lock on vermont on super tuesday. and look for joe mccarthy to take ohio. seeno ..freerepublic super tuesday voter put imprint on gop race mitt romney is angling to solidify his front-r.. tcotrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  _callmeangel lol i live in rhode island but are you going to the program in the summer i heard it wa in ohio. pataki say romney ha grown a a candidate msnbc on now w alex. i see he s quite the comedian. maddowblog gingrich would know. he s spent enough time there.gulf of mexico and alaska consequences of spill can last for decade videos good afternoon happy supertuesday romney ayatollah get the message or learn painful lesson about meaning of american resolve. oh you mean like iraq pretty sure ron paul is going to win super tuesday. if they don t steal his voteron paul revolution supertuesdayperfect day for the bears home opener 4 00 vs. oklahoma state. gobearsrt clairecmc john mccain say rush attack on law student totally unacceptable .good for him. that s leadership.john sarah todd http ..ron paul brings hope to our government fb ronpaul2012rick santorum s secret army home-schoolers keep the pressure on johnkasich by texting aidoh to 69866 ohiogingrich we will that day reinstate ronald reagan s mexico city policy -no money for abortion overseas period. withnewt supertuesdayrt ericinva virginia voter not happy with choice today should go vote and cast a blank ballot. noneoftheabovevermont voters tackle citizens united care2 causes news roundup super tuesday a pivotal moment for romney santorum nytimes topping the news conservatives are.. rt webstergtarpley presstv 1 30pm eastern today hear tarpley discus ows madison wisconsin michigan ohio florida visit htt ..super tuesday is finally here. will mitt romney emerge a the inevitable nominee will rick santorum pull off.. newt is calling himself reagan conservative. reagan wouldn t hack it in the gop grovernorquist would have voted him out for raising taxit s super tuesday and rick santorum ha some work to do rt nytimes lulzsec hacking suspects are arrested obgyn in virginia ob gyn needed to join another near richmondsouthside regional medical center 300 bed level.. rt skjensen where in the world is lovie the atl rt ajcfalcons chicago head coach lovie smith is at georgia tech s pro day. .. bbecca12 mine are better..virginia western gt gt gt west virginia wesleyan..rt daveweigel rt dougsaunders constitutional monarchy. it lead to this. rt cutiepi2u newt gingrich debates obama - original not the campaign version via youtube great video newtging ..romney how i would check iran s nuclear ambition while obama fret in the white house the iranians are mak.. rt laureldavilacpa anti-nuclear groups in georgia seek to block first new nuclear plants in u.s. in decades p2 .. seanhannity alright off to tke littlepatriot to school lunch w good frnd who s voting santorum 2day evn tho her hub is for o  lisamurkowski thank you for realizing the blunt amendment wa wrong. please vote with brain and heart not party line super tuesday more like pooper tuesday am i right rick santorum s santorumof the 2 vote i just cast i think beer is more likely to win than ron paul. craigedward14 may the gay finally do santorum the justice he deserves.trion z collegiate bracelet size small team oklahoma state misc. review trion z collegiate bracelet si.. final four going to be..duke kentucky ohio state and kansasplay mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrcrt msn700wlw ricksantorum you have my vote supertuesdayit s super tuesday. go ron paul ronpaulrevolution2012rt lewrockwell ron paul superpac run by romneyites so claim mark ames but even if it s true it hardly prove.. ..rt theatlanticwire russian election rigger lack subtlety chechnya ha 107 turnout 99 support for putin rt govchristie dems have stopped talking tax increase joined call for relief we ve turned trenton upside down .. undp seeking evaluation team leader in georgia by march 19 devjobs peach state defensive back donnie miles reflects on his visit to the tennessee vols read more at insidetennessee rt elvincan2 rick mitt argue who s most helpful to obamacare. neither can stand up to 0bama we need newt2012 teaparty ..2nd assistant manager in oklahoma city ok job hiring rt henrybarbour thefix romney is consolidating the folk who want to defeat obama in november retain our majority in the house and t ..there are more bald eagle in the state of alaska than all the other state combined.rt lewrockwell will ron win idaho of course he will haul in the delegate today from many state but can he .. ..rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers i wish i wa american. i would so vote for ron paul.news is that romney s advisors are trying to keep the campaign from claiming that dynamic scoring through fast.. everyone watch out for julia_coryy abbz_olutely a they terrorizee mason ohio.rino loser mccain the rep establishment endorsed romney from beginning. one sure loser endorsing another. we need a winner newt2012ohrt jacob_kaplan how the fuck do people not know west virginia is a state  thinkprogress is there a list somewhere on all of his advertiser important road guide are disappearing from all over ohio -- find out why and what these guide are on channel 25 now --p.chiesaa new condo in wareham ma 02558 just posted on massachusetts  linked ricksantorum oh how i love thee .. let me count the ways 1 2 3 .. 15 wepickrick santorum ricksantorumnews is that romney s advisors are trying to keep the campaign from claiming that dynamic scoring through fast.. current conditions from wiley post airport oklahoma city ok temperature 62.1 f humidity 62 .. rt ariannahuff how the sleep deficit is damaging america s long-term health sleepweek  thinkprogress oh this is great news fed judgs in illinois are going to receive this precedent in a motion shooting in the snow today. damn you idaho.rt elsiesnuffin tough telling them apart. rt katskii this is brilliant who said that mitt romney or mr burns ..contrary to popular belief..there is more than newt santorum and romney on the ballot today. get out and vote it seems like newtgingrich should have bigger priority than his theme song. eye of the tiger really really rt usnews santorum s organizational snafus -. don t throw vote away vote newt gingrich get out and vote supertuesday... alexcast i will be grilled by suzanne malveaux on cnn this hour. can romney close the deal will alex be mitt s running mate tune in hoy hay pro days en alabama a m arkansas auburn california lutheran clark georgia tech rhode island sacramento state y ucla.rt lewrockwell will ron win idaho of course he will haul in the delegate today from many state but can he .. ..reo speedwagon at farm bureau live at virginia beach  pandorapixi therealroseanne barackobama newtgingrich mittromney billmaher mmflint a a kid i remember much discussion but a an..rt chrisbrownzone chris brown posing with fan at urban outfitters in virginia yesterday rt rt usrealitycheck ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran mitt romney illustrates his for.. ..rt idancezeus17utc353march413310534756th2tuesday2012hip hop class are this saturday at pony ride studios 1401 vermont come improve..rt theatlanticwire obama spark a bitter dispute between columbia and barnard rt byronyork could be a game. number of column nyt s gail collins ha written mentioning romney dog-on-car 45. number mentioning jer ..back to ohio nigga rt binky_9 justcallmekj_ two day left down south.. where u bout to go son  please help support the 58th speaker of the house of representatives newt gingrich 2012 heck yes thanks my first lol tweet of the day - newtgingrich humbly asking for votes. might need to send him a dictionary for that one.where were all these tennessee fan on january 4th  dailykos ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran p2this ha definately been a supertuesday for me wow i m going to sleep well tonight.. or not insomnia huffingtonpost not a an insult. my car ha a tranny.photo 26 - f - straight - single boston massachusetts 1- my family friends cat hunter2- electronics .. yayy it supertuesday start it off right with some super tuesday trivia from indecision  thinkprogress goldietaylor karenhunter bocacurly thejazzchick tichinaarnold 20 total limbaugh ads jump ship so far..yess alaska is the way to gort ricksantorum as commander-in-chief i would commit to keeping our promise to veterans. this is not a republican democrat issue bu .. prismsinc ohio is the birthplace of the prolife movement dr. jack willke judie brown heartbeat international stand true created equalbut not the va ballot. rt zekejmiller apparently rick santorum newt gingrich are listed a of virginia on the vermont primary ballot.can we have herman cain back pleease wake me up when mitt isn t the only republican i have to vote.. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. this is beautiful.. and if you are a tennessee fan even better..lol lt 3 spirit rt cnnlive wolf blitzer moderate spec supertuesday cnn election roundtable with cnn s political team. live rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  joenbc cakreiz i second the advice but likely for a different reason. donate 2 ron paul please support ron paul by phone support share the news about ron paul hey alaska you can hold an iditarod here on the moon. the dog will look great with glass helmets. newtsmoonpeople supertuesdayrick santorum single mother are breeding more criminal  gardenandgunmag cumberland island georgia rt jonahsprotege it is supertuesday and it s timetochoose i choose the bold innovative leadership of newtgingrich ohgop newt2012hqrt armorcavspin it s newt - he is the leader republican hopefuls push pro-israel credentials at aipac newsmax_mediasuper tuesday live coverage  weather andover massachusetts weather 27f fair andover ma obama2012 if a sunbeam shine beautifully through the cloud it mean obamanomics are working lol. truthteam supertuesday withnewttime for a super important talk on supertuesday farm agamerican voter choosing between corporate supported candidate 1 or 2 the capitalist version of communist election . supertuesdayoklahoma non-compete law summary email alerts for lawyers rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt toddylittman newtgingrich this seems a double standard of political convenience particularly since the union were given 40 of gm.rt chrisbrownzone chris brown posing with fan at urban outfitters in virginia yesterday rt  papi_chulo50 thats why georgia girl are better lolrick santorum campaigns for mitt romney in 2008 going to see daniel ramey at parkburg tennessee cemetary gt  amazing_mollie yup did you text georgia p xxrt time the most amazing fact about the universe explained rt liteworkr it s super tuesday..tell everyone to get out vote 4 ron paul unbelievable ohio fire chief blame fatal nursing home fire on secret meth lab - rt djroze save a life. vote ronpaul. supertuesday endthewarscongratulations to my daughter caitlin for being accepted by the university of tennessee into their information and library science graduategingrich admits he doesn t have the money or buzz of his rival on super tuesday. but bank on something else lt lt magicromney s election night party is in columbus ohio. sign of confidence rt marlboronissan ohio school shooting put family and friend in shock. rt nbcnews lawsuit claim rape misconduct at d.c. marine barracks get astonishment. get connected. feel excited. anchorage alaska. residual income with wom mobile deals. join free.rt portland_hithot mitt romney portland mitt romney win presidential straw poll 2012 dorchester conference rt zekejmiller apparently rick santorum and newt gingrich are listed a of virginia on the vermont primary ballot. thehill repcohen rushlimbaugh who care  gotta love those good catholicsrt dredpiraterob do people realize that mitten romney s old company bain capital owns the rush limbag radio show..rt spanishjobsusa spanish job spanish bilingual - field service representative - oklahoma city at nielsen ok ni..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. santorum s super tuesday challenge why might mitt romney wind up the nominee of a republican party that is cons..  clairecmc yet there s this rt sevenlayercake ronpaul supporter others will see the irony in this. i saw a car that had obama 2012 and peace in my life .. joenbc turn me into a we and the world will become a better place rt croatansound laura ingraham newt rocked it to her newt is strongest cand. chattanooga nashville johnsoncity tn 250gas tpp ..rt ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are. join me in t ..rt maxwellpichan today i m voting for proven leadership. i m voting for newtgingrich withnewt supertuesday gop newt2012hqrt keschweighart happy supertuesday everyone rt thehill dem lawmaker repcohen to protest rush limbaugh by not buying clear channel ad rushlimbaughrt henrybarbour thefix romney is consolidating the folk who want to defeat obama in november retain our majority in the house and t ..american prospect-when do reporters start calling mitt romney a liar massachusetts cemeteries. to visit and photograph the old burying grounds of massachusetts in autumn is incredible newt gingrich married his high school geometry teacher. vomitinducingfactsrt nytimes lulzsec hacking suspects are arrested rt frankie_wah i only poop pissit with purpose direction idmakeareallygoodpolitician supertuesdayrt nbcnews lawsuit claim rape misconduct at d.c. marine barracks my vote ha been cast for the true conservative newt gingrich. newt2012rt nytimes lulzsec hacking suspects are arrested in ohio 39 of catholics support mitt romney while 33 support rick santorum o.ounflinching conservative rick santorum in 1993 more government needed in health care via raemd95super tues. reminder our hope is not in mittromney ricksantorum newtgingrich or ronpaul. our hope is in jesusron paul - so consistent all his word from 2008 still work today. ronpaul2012 rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  ifyouthinkaboutit i m not actually rich. romneyslogans romney2012 supertuesdaywearing my tweetshirt tshirt on supertuesday. maybe one of the candidate is superman in disguised. israel shocks world and endorses the ron paul foreign policy- - youtube.. via youtubert wsjgraphics ohio and tennessee are the state to watch on super tuesday. the wsj guide  newtgingrich so if you re a reaganite why do you blatantly disregard the 11th commandment ridiculous.rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. mitt romney your accent is very bostonian like it good luck for your campaign sir drt washingtonpost report forget the ipad 3 it s the ipad hd romney santorum square off in super tuesday battle newsrt captivatingnews ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  jackherer16 please pardon me but i m passin gas with my entourage no gas. i m g d up in my georgia tags wit my georgia tags my red flagsantorum higher-income people don t have to pay tax the raw story via addthiswho ya ll voting for supertuesdayrt joesixpacksays funny how mark levin champion the constitution but reject ron paul when he knows paul is correct tcotohio bobcat news and note tenishia benson named all-mac first team for ohio woman s hoops. first time since lauren kohn 2007-08 season.rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. wr ellis jefferson denton guyer talk about oklahoma junior day visit ou soonersa new condo in quincy ma 02169 just posted on massachusetts rt therealreks mitt romney look like an assholert byronyork could be a game. number of column nyt s gail collins ha written mentioning romney dog-on-car 45. number mentioning jer ..rt ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are. join me in t ..defiance county tcot ohgop sign up volunteer and vote on supertuesday in ohio mitt2012  gt disney princess ba  zekejmiller they are but not on the ballot. but they claim penn and georgia a homes. it s all a big circus.rt dustindepp just voted for ricksantorum you should toort silvercirclemov the best news ever ron paul joins the rebels tlot silver ronpaul rebels  foxnews turn me into a we and the world will become a better place  breaking-ish news reports that newtgingrich will get secret service protection starting tomorrow nowwithalexrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are. join me in t ..rt oogeep poll 73 percent of ohio voter favor more oil and natural gas development  clairecmc were you a outraged when letterman said sarah palin looked like a slutty flight attendant was that a war against women rt senatorsanders video sen. sanders on cnbc explaining how the cftc is refusing to regulate excessive oil speculation ..alaska mei black diamond whale necklace 3.00 at bonanzart playa_made_dub sun belt championship game ualr vs. middle tennessee on espn at 1 00rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt nursingcenters a new rule in oklahoma would require a physician who supervises a nurse practitioner to see patient at least.. ht ..rt theatlantic the drudge report look old school but it ad targeting is more sophisticated than you may realize headlines alaska musher aliy zirkle leading iditarod musher aliy zirkle is leading the iditarod trail sled dog race.  iiskatie government which reminds me..you need to vote today unless you ve already done it. this is your first opportunity. no to newt.rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. excellent article by charlesmblow santorum and the sexual revolution still undecided today for the truth and information you need. supertuesday mitt2012 msnbc turn me into a we and the world will become a better place gov. john kasich ban the sale ownership and harboring of wild and exotic animal in ohio via changert onradio2now 17 05 simon mayo drivetime a touch of tennessee for a tuesday - gretchen peters is live in session. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt dailykos peter gabriel take a sledgehammer to rush limbaugh rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  russonpolitics newtgingrich who is on that detail two unarmed security guard and a giant bouncer read the latest at insidetennessee a peach state db donnie miles talk about his visit to the tennessee vols  twosweet_ you are welcome. thanks for being informed and taking a serious look at ronpaul.the clear channel station in southern christian ohio are still hammering santorum today..as they did last week.newt gingrich slams nancy pelosi as despicable dishonest and vicious in her attack on cia withnewt .rt senate_gops gas price continue to rise for many area of the country. currently the nat l average is 3.76. how high is it where ..do the tnt nba guy have the picture of newt gingrich goin fishing cued up yet  supertuesday switch newtgingrich co-chairman stacey campfield now back ricksantorum rt huffingtonpost colbert call rush limbaugh a poster boy for contraception rt keekitreal when people ask me do i know so-and-so at georgia state lt lt lt i m a freshman . there s 30400 students.. no ..i beat tf outta oomfs brother in the middle of virginia park lol newt won t vote even though there r plenty of important va races. what doe this say about him tn tngop tnprimary joenbc cakreiz although american could use you now more than ever how about a return in 2016 crest food sale for oklahoma details here rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt parkour_lewis but yeah let be real if it weren t on the way to dc who s really going to virginia happy hour 4-7 pm and soul food night dig-in to our virginia-style kickin home cookin 6pm-1am for more rt whinenot newt on romney s winning strategy anyone who think romney can outraise obama it ain t going to happen fail super .. wsj gwendolynbounds i almost dropped the car on myself because i don t have jack stand just a dinky emergency jack.rt washingtondctea newt gingrich to receive secret service protection - fox news ny times gingrich promises to move american embassy to jerusalem on day 1 demi lovato open up about new eating disorder documentary rt okayplayer new music from tennessee emcee skewby almost there off his upcoming ep.  ktumulty thanks much. the mt thing looked new to me. thanks for taking time to answer following jimcorrigan_ lesson 1 before i retweet i should read the article instead of just the tweet. kinda make me look like a romney fan eh rt klsouth romney is nothing but platitudinous sound bites. gingrich ha a plan to totally dismantle the marxist socialist welfare st .. santorum only presidential candidate 2 address aipac ohprimary tn k ok ma ga nd rt cnnbrk lulzsec hacker arrested source says. love your daughters and granddaughters give them a firstlady to look up to. ann romney oh ga va nd ok tn ak id pa ma vtrt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gas visit fam in ohiocaravan at 1069 hudson until 2 30 best yard in the highlands virginia-highland neighborhood w 3 others rt speakez6 the beta is strong in the romney family males.rt johnkingcnn happy super tuesday. quick look at state and stake from a magicwall perspective more johnkin .. article the onion voters slowly realizing santorum believes every deranged word that comes out of his mouth .. mitt romney isn t going to win the presidential election. senschumer the time to pass hr3012 and level the playing field for highskilledimmigrants is nowthis song is uplifting gt gt black rva - wake up everybody richmond virginia collaboration via youtubert thefix newt gingrich getting secret service protection starting at midnight tonight. so guess this mean he s staying in. ..rt rp2012chick tennessee georgia virginia vermont massachusetts ohio oklahoma..this is your chance to vote for liberty vote r ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. i ve known ohio suck since billy joe white called me in 9th grade to tell me that he wa stuck in fucking god damn crappy ohio i narrowed it down best i could and decided mitt romney would best be characterized a somewhere between jesus and hitler .rt joetrippi my latest piece super tuesday vs. super pacs - will the gop race continue all the way to tampa rt oritsklar voted for mittromney this morning. he s a conservative businessman not a career politician. mitt2012 gagop supertuesdaygop challenge beyond super tuesday romney and dismal approval level with independent traffic light to shut off at gainesville intersection the georgia department of transportation is shutting down a traffic signal next weert wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..it s been too long since we ve had a war.  1003 buy hidden camera tissue box protect your children ronpaulrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. israel shocks world and endorses the ron paul foreign policy- - youtube.flv  baseballcrank zekejmiller yeah in virginia i literally can t even write them in. wtf i have to choose between mitt and the space alienrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. as soon a i say i need to find out if i m going to oklahoma my dad call me hmm i wonder how that happened lolrt patpick hunger game cast is going to be at the mall of georgia tonight what rt henrybarbour thefix romney is consolidating the folk who want to defeat obama in november retain our majority in the house and t .. maddow turn me into a we and the world will become a better place wisconsin south carolina tennessee rt cnnsitroom starting now cnn supertuesday election roundtable live powered by ciscosystems webex. watch at  julieborowski is amazin how so few people know or care about today super tuesday. meanwhile most of u r now sayin what s supertuesday rt damonsayles wr ellis jefferson denton guyer talk about oklahoma junior day visit ou soonersrt progressohio court oks large-scale wind farm in ohio the columbus dispatch via progressohio grizzly expert mauled to death by bear by laura zuckerman salmon idaho march 5 reuters - a man killed by a.. mtd products unit to transfer 140 job from ohio to kentucky rt andrewkroll mt evhemphill holy shit. via motherjones santorumlooks like mitt romney will snatch alaska for super tuesday even though he hasn t physically present in state but ron paul has. supersburt time lulzsec s leader sabu secretly helped the fbi arrest some of the group s other member today via tech ..hey ricksantorum here s a quote from dubya george w. bush that i just wanted to share with you the question i like to ask every cteacher just slammed ron paul.. hater alert rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt washingtonpost report forget the ipad 3 it s the ipad hd rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..i would rather live in the country that created justin bieber than a country ran by rick santorum. andthatssayingsomethingit s supertuesday go votelovelorn poet in vermont chaos over the moon missedconnectionswarren covered bridge vermont vt bvt michigan will play west virginia on december 15 2012 at the soon-to-be-opened barclays center in ny. goblueohio supreme court approves champaign county wind energy operation rt - everyone go vote ron paul today ronpaul ronpaul ronpaul tcot tlot ronpaulrt zekejmiller apparently rick santorum and newt gingrich are listed a of virginia on the vermont primary ballot.can tom cruise make the f35 fly 4 the subsidized war empire will tom make mitt convert 2 scientology holywar cdnpoli gop obama ownpeaceful protesters opposed to virginia gop s war on women get surrounded by riot police and dragged away video rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rt theplumlinegs former romney adviser say romney missed a chance to demonstrate strength by failing to condemn rush ..alex wagner worst political show host..ever msnbc supertuesdaykarl rove say newt wa served a soft ball by gregory. but could mitt or rick have answered the way newt did no way. only newthe should know being fr there himself. newt moon base gingrich say algae-for-energy come from cloud cuckoo land rt ronpaulsvoice subservient society neither maintain nor deserve freedom for long ronpaul supertuesday goprt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. go vote today it s your civic duty ricksantorum ha my vote rt huffingtonpost watch dog play piano and sings rt usatoday happy 100th birthday oreo. celebrating centennial all year long rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. .. therealroseanne barackobama newtgingrich mittromney billmaher mmflint we don t discus politics at all. he may ask u still demo special education teacher in northfield massachusetts teaching job educationjobs spedjobsa new multi-family in fitchburg ma 01420 just posted on massachusetts draws big crowd in idaho rt wsj the period between apple product launch and their actual sale ha seen an average gain in the stock of 4.53 for politics junky it s a big day. i have my bet on half santorum half romneyrt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt greatdismal speaking of mugabe i think he ha a lock on vermont on super tuesday. and look for joe mccarthy to take ohio. seeno .. tedhope should petition bain capital romney s old company. they own clear channel.rt president super tuesday gingrich say rival won t bring fundamental change . republicans slam romney for past comments about romneycare serving as template for national reform again rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt johnkingcnn happy super tuesday. quick look at state and stake from a magicwall perspective more johnkin .. newt2012hq rt amykremer no other candidate sign to be seen outside of my polling location in ga. supertuesday wa the same in azrt astro_clay - aleutians always tough but really cool mt westdahl volcano alaska unimak island aleutian rang ..rt cnnsitroom starting now cnn supertuesday election roundtable live powered by ciscosystems webex. watch at rt - everyone go vote ron paul today ronpaul ronpaul ronpaul tcot tlot ronpaulron paul eye nd  sensherrodbrown the time to pass hr3012 and level the playing field for highskilledimmigrants is nowthanks rt jdhamilton21 justlalaflare got accepted to virginia union university congrats polls open in us state for super tuesday polls have opened in ohio a the primary and caucus contest in 10 us.. romney is going to win the nomination. newt is last in delegate ron paul is beating him deejgregory stephennreed newtanman ofa_oh vote4 dennis_kucinich 2day y progressive congress michaelskolnik makeit supertuesday unclerushrt lbcmike_ bitchesnblunts romney is a white supremacistrt onionpolitics diamond-wearing romney men want to be me women want to be with me warforthewhitehouse santorum targets obama dempsey in aipac speech - rt matthewmodine paulbegala billmaher if you have doubt about climate change this may be this is why narrated by matthew modine ht .. nowwithalex people like santorum were the people i would point 2 when priest pressed me 2 confirm in catholic religionrt klsouth gingrich romneycare obamacare romney on gas obama on gas 250gas timetochoose withnewtsantorum is not on the ballot in virginia didn t file a full slate of delegate in some ohio districts. this ha nothing to due with mitt.rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt abc romney accuses obama of dawdling with iran sanction supertuesdayi wa just the 39th gop vote at my precinct in sandysprings and of course i voted mittromney supertuesdayrt conservative_vw romney will always have to go scorched-earth against his opponents gt gt gt even obama what doe that te .. special announcement the ron paul campaign officially begin in houston join u this friday ronpaul2012politics aside ron paul really want me to watch a 13 min ad before a 40sec youtube clip seriously rt klsouth romney is nothing but platitudinous sound bites. gingrich ha a plan to totally dismantle the marxist socialist welfare st ..rt wsjgraphics ohio and tennessee are the state to watch on super tuesday. the wsj guide romney ha learned to not make the campain personal or show controlling view the others are scary nowwithalexrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. come see u this weekend at middlebury s 4th annual vermont chili festival kicking off this sat march 10th at 1 30pm santorum at aipac2012 on supertuesday us must give iran an ultimatum rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt milbank it s been too long since we ve had a war. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  esantorum2012 cbs news karen santorum s revealing look at her husband via trscoop matthewjlb santorum election thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. let s go vote for these descendant of slave owner supertuesdayrt americaformitt love your daughters and granddaughters give them a firstlady to look up to. ann romney oh ga va nd ok tn ..listage sh t gordon ramsay says santorum cake rudy s can t fail cafe. photo tamara palmer is.. rush go off the air if romney twist bain s arm but romney will support limbaugh over woman anyday alike most mormons archivist100 owsright now a few clouds and 43 at the virginia beach oceanfront. hrweather vawxrt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt theatlantic this is how u.s. company decide where to build their chinese factory via atlanticcities. newtgingrich you forgot a hashtag. moonbaseforoverprivilegedbillionairesrt nprpolitics we ll be live streaming audio of president obama s press conference at 1pm et today at rt virginiasports virginia s mike scott named a sporting news third-team all-americanat the experience columbus luncheon today celebrating columbus ohio s bicentennial. expcols tomcoburn the time to pass hr3012 and level the playing field for highskilledimmigrants is now pandorapixi therealroseanne barackobama newtgingrich mittromney billmaher mmflint end of discussion. collinja1 and thank you a day to stick together vote newt gingrich rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  monkeyandthebug will do. here s a sample. snag an invite to the romney after party how do collegecompletion rate for virginia 4-year public college stack up against the nation ann romney paraphrase life ha taught me that all the financial problem i don t have don t mean a thing to me.  rickyfbabyy ratedrjeffrey if you beat the georgia bull dog ..i can t stand oklahoma wind.best friends.. by virginia wulf on etsy today is super tuesday. not let me down america. vote ron paultruth about newt undecided voter tn ok oh ga ak id nd vt ma timetochoose votenewt rt huffingtonpost demi lovato open up about new eating disorder documentary rt nytimes ralph mcquarrie artist behind star wars dies at 82 rt time the most amazing fact about the universe explained alex trebek trying to pronounce dr. tobias funke is a recipe for hilarity. rt tpm colbert rush will do anything with his mouth for cash  brianbrownnet belmont club boss the frame the frame - newt gingrich.. amazonkindle davidgregoryrt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot pearls before swine move further into politics. today i learned that newt is a human and that woman can vote. crazy. newt and calista won t vote in primary. if he loses by two i ll laugh my butt off. gop2012 tcot hhrs fail prediction romney win ma vt id tie oh santorum win tn ok and tie oh newt win ga paul win nd ak supertuesday ricksantorum just look at the victorias secret angels how could you not fall in love every time that hedonistic commercial air tooninrickey bought me cd tennessee ernie ford i think it s 40. assisted.this is a fight for the soul survival of our nation. need bold action or we re history. teaparty patriot must lead w courage withnewtrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt umichbball michigan will play west virginia on december 15 2012 at the soon-to-be-opened barclays center in ny. ..alaska sen. lisa murkowski regrets voting for blunt amdt it s supertuesday have you seen our republican primary tweet tracker  robbiegel yep saw your head in ohio picture with romney speaking. how cool is that don t lose it.rt huffingtonpost colbert call rush limbaugh a poster boy for contraception newt the biggest difference in the race between the 3 major contender is 1 of u ha consistently shown leadership supertuesday 250gas for a great super tuesday laugh google mitt vs. mr. burns the best quiz ever rt nick_glass24 georgia s 2013 class is gonna be crazyrt ohiofilmoffice the winner of the arnold high school film competition is from an ohio school the film is fun congratulations. htt ..rt nbcnews lawsuit claim rape misconduct at d.c. marine barracks rt sunnydaydreamer the only people ronpaul will feel obliged to help are we the people not goldman sachs. he get his support from ..rt thefix newt gingrich getting secret service protection starting at midnight tonight. so guess this mean he s staying in. .. newt won t vote even though there r plenty of important va races. what doe this say about him ga gagop gaprimaryeverybody vote emily bayci for senator bayci2012 supertuesday emilybayci goodluck mediasenator rt time even if you hated it you should care that fox canceled terra nova. here s why via timeculture  wegoted mitt romney s baincapitalown shalfofrush limbaugh s butt where s medium on romneylimbaughconnection rt bangsandabun people of london my brother s band the awesome alaska are playing at the bull gate in kentish town tomorrow. on at ..did ann romney make a gaffe - thinkprogress accused biggovernment of selectively editing video hypocrisyrt cnnlive wolf blitzer moderate a special supertuesday cnn election roundtable with cnn s political team. live for sale 1996 112hp evinrude 2 700 - boston gilmanton massachusetts rt rasmussenpoll daily tracking obama 48 romney 42 .. obama 48 santorum 41 .. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. it s our birthday 19 year of doing good at ohio university happybirthdayzetarho deltagammart theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt sunnydaydreamer the only people ronpaul will feel obliged to help are we the people not goldman sachs. he get his support from ..rt newshour 5 thing to watch for on supertuesday by pbsgwen  browbeat22 the guy on up would be a great fit for newt. with the balloon idea and all. spacemanrt ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are. join me in t ..tech leader lend a hand to undocumented student who dream of college at a georgia state rally in support of t.. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt janderson250 msnbc givin a great rundown this supertuesday superstoked elipariser what s ur startup called venturing into startup land newt 2012 rt berrytramel blog oklahoma city thunder 33 foul shot aren t an accident s o to the great state of tennessee for the beverage you have made over the past 150 year megaincometax cnnlive wa some fema talk early on when the house gop budget wa being debated not many specficis lately - more mud.stop whaling in alaska rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. .. elohdaboss so dmv don t stand for dc maryland virginia lt -- department of moter vehiclethunder rally late to beat mavericks 95-91 yahoo sports the oklahoma city thunder s top trio struggled to make s.. newt facts the truth about newt gingrich rt thefix rich kid for mitt romney. so good rt elsiesnuffin tough telling them apart. rt katskii this is brilliant who said that mitt romney or mr burns ..natural gas drilling leases prompt ohio lawsuit rt immadvocates news georgia lawmakers approve measure banning illegal immigrants from colleges  ronpaul will ensure that the greatest nation in human history is strong secure and respected. supertuesdayrt cnnbrk sen. john mccain to call for u.s. airstrikes on syria. ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy ohio and tennessee looming super large - wall street journal from ohio news - google news rt progressohio ohio governor revers rejection of federal storm aid green bay press gazette via progressohiosuper tuesday win could rest in ohio tennessee - wsbt-tv from ohio news - google news  georgia voters vote newtgingrich today on your ballot it s time to turn this country around.i love me some newt and santorum noticed even romney s name spell money .rt umichbball michigan will play west virginia on december 15 2012 at the soon-to-be-opened barclays center in ny. ..ohio ad watch via kantar cmag and jimacostacnn winourfuture rwb fund afscme priorities 100 neg. only romney rof airing po spotlie back and think of reagan. supertuesday romney2012 gopmarchingordersrt notifyboston it s 7am and poll have just opened. remember polling location are open until 8pm supertuesday kesgardner ali i m there too. the others have been tried found wanting. mitt ha organization. working for nomination. battle tested.rt harrismedia . newtgingrich is surging on supertuesday. check out newt s super tuesday facebook tab get involved ..rt whinenot newt the biggest difference in the race between the 3 major contender is 1 of u ha consistently shown leadership su .. santorum s private side through wife s eyes.. via drudgereportrt huffingtonpost demi lovato open up about new eating disorder documentary miami herald- alaska musher aliy zirkle leading iditarod  clairecmc what about that statue the missouri legislature say it want to put up in limbaugh s honor say it ain t so reject mitt now or obama and left will win in november no longer a lost cause via theprospectrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. newt gingrich on mar 06 2012 at 04 56 pm supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold .. got my batman undies on supertuesdayann romney one-ups her husband. doesn t consider herself rich say we can be poor in spirit. rt marmel ann romney doesn t consider herself wealthy. just.. wow. paul is betting rush l won t win mass. i think he s right rt paulbegala about to go on cnn with alexcastpreparing for the oklahoma pork congress walk-through at the reed conference center in midwest city. 10 day left countdowninitiatedrt ariannahuff how the sleep deficit is damaging america s long-term health sleepweek rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers i wa not born on saturn. - ron paul famousliesre latest romney faux pas. just did a posthumious baptism on anne s bank acct. its in mine we jews run the bank ya know - ricklondon supertuesday vermont there are republican in vermont romney get 40 and win majority of 17 delegates.rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt captivatingnews ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran sunz insurance expands again now in oklahoma marketwatch press release  justcallmekj_ ohio where rt peanutt5 ronpaul is my choice for potus. i will not settle. there is no compromise. supertuesday goprt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..mormon rubio romney s 2009 op-ed.. buzzfeed eating everybody else s lunch with like 1 5 the political reporting staffa new multi-family in quincy ma 02169 just posted on massachusetts rt usrealitycheck ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran mitt romney illustrates his for.. ..not interested in politics your loss okgop supertuesdayrt kquark anne romney s latest statement prof like her husband she ha no clue what the 99 go through and cannot even empathize.all republican member of my family in s ohio christian area all voted for mitt romney. mitt2012go out and vote for ronpaul  johncornyn cornyn youre an insider tell u the exact truth i know you knowrt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasis anyone i know a tennessee squire i tell em throw that as back i m catch it like a catcher mitt young two oi grew up in fairview oklahoma where is miami douthitkenziert huffingtonpost colbert call rush limbaugh a poster boy for contraception rt maxwellpichan today i m voting for proven leadership. i m voting for newtgingrich withnewt supertuesday gop newt2012hqsen. schumer on dnc aipac2012 conf. call romney s critic of obama is a deliberate distortion of the truth dishonest and dangerous. hi everyone..we are all over the country today flying patient from texas to indiana florida to massachusetts.. rt huffingtonpost survey americans think americans are the world s worst tourist rt akbusinessmonth alaska s tenuous rural fuel distribution from the march issue of alaska business monthly maga .. newt250gas if you really want to stick it to the bum in d.c. it s newt. the guy s a fighter. and he ain t afraid to hurt nobody s feelingadelson should pay for newt s secret service.brown attended the university of virginia. colleen hopkins wa promoted to associate broadcast producer at the m.. to everyone who doesnt understand how bipolar ohio weather is..2 day ago it wa snowing tomorrow is going to be 61. thanksforyourtimesunz insurance expands again now in oklahoma marketwatch press release rt captjc13 steady stream of voter here at amherst elem 8 hr to go on supertuesday voting have your id ready wbir wvlt knoxvote ..beautifully written rt uva a s dean woo on why honor matter at uva and everywhere count down to loving mitt good luck gop you re gonna need it rt ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are. join me in t ..let s see what the republicans decide today. i really think if romney sweeps..or close to sweeping he ll lock down the nod supertuesdayrt brokenwing2005 romeny is limbaugh s bos p2 tcot clairecmc at least rushlimbaugh is honest. the law student fluke is a liar. so you support the law student klsouthmy dog said she d be abstinent but i didn t believe her so i followed the rick santorum school of parenting and had her sex organ removedrt bradthacker thursday may 3rd woodland s tavern columbus ohio hardcore comedy with realmickfoley therevboblevy and myself. tickets ..rt washingtonpost report forget the ipad 3 it s the ipad hd happy super tuesday voting for ron paul todaygoing to virginia beach to coach jeff farina at nationalrt drudge_report survey finds americans are world s worst tourists.. rt catholiclisa linked ricksantorum a message from rick striking distance wepickrick santorum oh tn ok ga ..rt nbcnews lawsuit claim rape misconduct at d.c. marine barracks  cnnsitroom starting now cnn supertuesday election roundtable live powered by ciscosystems webex. watch at rt right_of_black is the establishment finally coming around on mitt romney rt huffingtonpost colbert call rush limbaugh a poster boy for contraception just voted. wish we had a full ballot here in virginia drew miller on his litespeed xicon of velobrew racing win the pro 1 2 georgia cup albany tt this past weekend. way to go drew rt cnnsitroom starting now cnn supertuesday election roundtable live powered by ciscosystems webex. watch at rt thecaucus super tuesday live coverage rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rt ihnatko well stick a fork in gingrich. when a gop candidate loses the crocodile base on super tuesday it s over.  johnelway can i get a shout out for my uncle perry s bday. big bronco fan living in ohio. he ha your back in every argument. lifelongfanoklahoma and abusive debt collector bill rt theatlantic the most divisive figure in literary history via flavorpill kathryndelong did l. ron paul write those racist newsletter or did he hire a ghostwriter the most disturbing thing about that is that it actually make more sense than rick santorum doe anyway.rt endlessweather stevemillerok wx8ben who is ron paul newt destroys occupy wall street ows withnewtrt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot  cletalkingheads maybe if the pretentious would stop calling it the ohio st other public institution could gain some respect and recruit.dr. ron paul is truly 4 the people of the usa. he will keep in place our constitution bill of rights-which he ha dedicated his life 2 do rt nprpolitics remembering new jersey s first black congressman coach frank beamer and first book join forces to bring new books to virginia kids by first book roanoke va. m.. rt thefix alex trebek trying to pronounce dr. tobias funke is a recipe for hilarity. rt thehill senior republican say voter won t buy into gingrich s 2.50 gas pledge by ben_geman gasprices tcot newtsmoonpeople what happens to the one person on the moon that vote for romney wearethemoonusasantorum forfeit 27 of 66 delegate in oh today plus all in virginia unorganizedsantorumrt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rick santorum stepped away from the campaign trail briefly today to personally a.. mitt s pretending that he s a tough guy rt thedemocrats new poll show romney s image is currently worse than recent candidate who went on to win a presidential nomination. ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt nlasmus don t miss gbtv s supertuesday election coverage ..it may be a little different than what you see on the msm ..rt signal super tuesday ronpaul 33 mittromney 22 ricksantorum 21 richardgerber 13 newtgingrich 11 -urgo ..rt huffingtonpost colbert call rush limbaugh a poster boy for contraception rt whinenot newt the only hope we have to beat obama is to have better idea to communicate clearly to break through his billion- ..new from ohio gadfly daily charter school self-dealing hurt kid and need attention rt klsouth newt gingrich ha a message for you -- gt gt withnewt tnprimary timetochoose supertuesday oh ..looking forward to joining iaindale on lbc973 frm 8-9 2nite on supertuesday and eventual 2012 election. will b taking calls.rt davidcorndc santorum on single-moms in 1994 simply breeding more criminals. really. comparinglowincomewom ..liberty generates the most practical solution to our problem whether they are economic domestic security or national defense ronpaul goprt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt swhisler93 i ohio votingromney is wrong again. president obama is willing to consider all option to prevent an iranian nuclear weapon i need to be in virginia on spring break with the lax girl nowi know i know i cheated on anarcho-capitalism but man it felt good to vote for ron paul north georgia spring bridal affair this sunday 10-2pm at a venue 2 remember in jasper ga rsvp to attend at info venue2remember.comrt thefix alex trebek trying to pronounce dr. tobias funke is a recipe for hilarity. sadly gop won t support an option that appeal to moderate indys and unhappy dems which is the only way to win in nov. supertuesdayrt thefix the only gop candidate with a net favorable rating among independent ron paul that s who. rt rt_4_rp rt politiclsvvyphd ron paul wants tornado victims to fend for themselves - no he just doesn t want govt making thing worse  ewerickson it s about time. newtgingrich it s not all that great an idea to mimic reagon just say no reaganonics are 2 good reason not to copy him. don t copy rt thinkprogress breaking five more company pull ad from rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 20 advertiser overall. ..georgia boy till the day i dielive streaming phoenix suns oklahoma city thunder tv watch march 07 2012  rogerwicker we are gearing up now for primaries. no more will citizen give away right to corpmitt romney drops the good-guy disguise - turns to smearing newt gingrich in desperation . teaparty tcot.. jews and christians for santorum rt cnn michele bachmann responds to piersmorgan s gay marriage question - i m not here a anybody s judge two more teen die a ohio town reel from school shooting rt kil_aka_boss just cast my ballot for ronpaulrt tanmanoh all republican member of my family in s ohio christian area all voted for mitt romney. mitt2012rt foulknews wsjgraphics ohio and tennessee are the state to watch on super tuesday. the wsj guide alpha phi omega present let me serve you up informational for a unicef talent show on march 8 2012 7 25pm at georgia hall 6th floorrt hlm25933 tennessee voter why we need newt 4all2c tnprimary tn gop rnc 250gasrt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rt jazzybe11e the bridge to virginia - a 10 minute ride that take you back 200 years. maryland prosecutor - and cost 12 jim hightower mitt for doofus-in-chief via addthisrt senatorsanders must read battling big money vermont town meetings will move to amend - nicholsuprising thenation ..happy 130th birthday virginia state university sn bbs will be stepping at the fountain 3 head step master rachel walker in charge rt word_34 santorum single moms are breeding more criminals via motherjonesnewt i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. humble to be bold. humbleboldfair much appreciated reporting from cbsjancrawford santorum s private side through wife s eye rt pkerkstra bob warner ha a good summary of the state of play in city s contract talk in today s phillyinquirer  thefix if i remember correctly thehermancain had ss protection for a short while before the suspension of his campaignrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  maddowblog -newt gingrich most likely failed in science class. the only explanation for promoting moon colonies but skeptical of bio-fuels. magicalcabbage i drive efficiently. if that hurt my skill so be it. at least i m not a retarded driver like every other oklahoma driver. ronpaul chat with tim tebow regarding homeschooling - rt la_hargis newt i don t care who you are i care who you want to be. military veteran withnewt ohprimary ca kansa tn k. susanpage in the press pool say she s be surprised if santorum doesn t win oklahoma today.rt cliffschecter on w thom_hartmann 12pm est 2talk supertuesday oh gov kasichs backin off stance 2not accept fed disaster aid ht ..rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt travelok arts festivals newarticle - oklahoma s top arts festivals - plan for your next artful adventure on this day of supertuesday we hope focus turn more to localjobs. jobs in phoenix and arizona are critical for our economyrt umichbball michigan will play west virginia on december 15 2012 at the soon-to-be-opened barclays center in ny. ..will gingrich lose because of his voice supertuesdayrt umichbball michigan will play west virginia on december 15 2012 at the soon-to-be-opened barclays center in ny. .. newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gaswatch mittromney change his position on lgbt equality more often than he change clothes. via hrc - mitt.. rt rushtwoifbytea rush and the team at twoifbytea greatly appreciate all of your support. please stay tuned for a twitter exclusive ..rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers republican presidential hopeful will make their way into the metro this week santorum and gingrich are.. rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..full length virginia flintlock longrifle video rt akbusinessmonth native 8 a benefits alaska native shareholders and tribal members see the benefits rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..join me and other progressives in voting for ron paul or rick santorum in today s open primaries. operationhilarityrt bobcatshowcase our documentary featuring ohio pg dj cooper air tomorrow night at 8pm at sneak peek here h ..opel astra 2600 1998 georgia car auto sale by autopapasorry mitt - you _can_ drive a car with a windmill on it midwest energy newsthe post office is gonna be my best friend got the most to send to virginia lolrt mtv it s supertuesday and our political pal mtvact break down why ohio is the gop battlestar rt ronpaulsvoice we should have more confidence in citizen making their own decision and decide once again to repeal federal prohib ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt joesixpacksays funny how mark levin champion the constitution but reject ron paul when he knows paul is correct tcot conservativecho i guess i just don t believe newt is going to follow through. for example this gas plan of his rt washingtonpost what if supertuesday wa more like marchmadness i liked a youtube video america need to vote for ron paulrt dislautomatic ronpaul said if he wa elected president he would immediately end the war on drugs and pardon all non-violent drug ..rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rt ariannahuff how the sleep deficit is damaging america s long-term health sleepweek good luck to gov. mitt romney for super tuesday. zulkey newt wont be able to drop the price to 2.50 since he would increasethedeficit the dollar will go down and gas up ronpaul2012 lifeis2art it s really chilling what a bubble the romney s obviously live in being wealthy is not the problem. it s the lack of empathy. ethanwould trust me man there is no place like oklahoma and the oklahoma people okpeoplehaveclassrt hrc mitt n match romney s jarring inconsistencies on lgbt equality rick mitt and newt you really missed an opportunity to speak out for the decency you claim to defend. rushlimbaugh vote2012 rt gayla7 santorum higher-income people don t have to pay tax the raw story via addthisrt whinenot newt the biggest difference in the race between the 3 major contender is 1 of u ha consistently shown leadership su ..somehow just found out santorum is catholic. santorum true issue with contraceptive he isn t worthy.. gt loving home in ohio for a few day lt 3 ronpaul will follow the constitution by asking congress to declare war before one is waged. supertuesdayrt maxwellpichan today i m voting for proven leadership. i m voting for newtgingrich withnewt supertuesday gop newt2012hqrt ariannahuff so doe this mean god s happy with everywhere that s not hit with a natural disaster rider profile katie from idaho the ohio teen charged with the recent chardon shooting go before a judge today more on midday channel 25 -- p.chiesaholy christ one of my facebook friend is voting for santorum. exterminate exterminate rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. super tuesday even if the four republican rival divvy up the spoil romney is poised to win. via timepolitics ryanaclarke don t go picking on newt. you are confusing passion for the constitution with anger. happy super tuesday. biancaraw idk either there or like virginiatenishia benson named first team all-mac athens ohio - tenishia benson ha been named to the mid-american conf..  dacw10 never send an inept rookie like little ricky to do a man s job. newt ha the courage conscience and credential to lead u now.look dailykos even if ricksantorum s war on single moms is really a war on dems he s still clueless about causalityrt tommyxtopher rt mediaite iran iran so far away mitt romney talks tough now wanted to check with lawyers in 2007 video ..looking for bear in virginia - willsantorum suggests romney may have removed damning usa today editorial from paper s archives p2rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt ariannahuff acc. to cnn iran already ha nukes. at least the medium ha learned it lesson from iraq right ..i really can t wait for the headline santorum drops out ewrt maddow my grandchild looked at me like i wa a rockstar. more re lilly ledbetter from white house rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers 2013 nhl all-star will bring in 15 mil alone rt expcols the visitor industry sustains 62 00 job in central ohio generates 7.2 billionrt talexberes i guess i m old school but i always enjoy voting on election day. voting a a free man feel good. supertuesdayrt wepickrick this is a must read for santorum supporters. the parallel between reagan s primary run in 1980 and rick santorum.. ht ..if i get two job during this summer ima take this semester off and transfer to georgia gwinnett i really think ima enjoy that schoolrt supermandoo13 big east tournament supertuesdayrt mpoindc walking down my block wifi accidentally activated on my iphone. list of network appears. one is named harry reid s iron ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt liberalnewt newt gingrich wa a draft-dodger during the vietnam war yet pushed for aggressive interventionism liberalnewt tcot ..rt ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are. join me in t ..i m at animal science building as 2029 fyffe rd. the ohio state university columbus rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. guide 2 supertuesday with only 10 state voting on today it would be easy 2 dismiss it a a little wimpy us2012rt theatlantic a ted talk is the cultural equivalent of a patent a private claim to a public concept. ideaworld escort 411 search escorts escort agencies masseuses call girls courtesans hobbyists in vermont rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt huffingtonpost exclusive ex-head of israeli intelligence criticizes mitt romney on iran making the situation worse ..rt mitchellplit if you didn t think newt wa finished his appearance at aipac2012 proved it most embarrassingly fbrt btwnunemploymnt let it not be said that no one cared or objected that our liberty are in jeopardy ronpaul 1. ..thinking about braiding my hair before i go to oklahoma . idk yet.rt athensmidday the ohio teen charged with the recent chardon shooting go before a judge today more on midday channel 25 -- p.chiesart theharryshearer newt i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. humble to be bold. humbleboldamerica need to vote for ron paul via youtubert imsure rt whinenot newt the only hope we have 2beat obama is 2have better idea 2communicate clearly 2br8k thru his billion-d ..rt thedemocrats new poll show romney s image is currently worse than recent candidate who went on to win a presidential nomination. ..rt zekejmiller rt glennthrush in conf call chuck schumer say i don t think we re going to have to worry about mitt romney becomi .. abc nbc cbs foreign policy experience military actions iraq afghanistan al qaeda national security barackobama or mittromney ans obamasfgnews romney hoping for a big leap in delegate race 03-06 08 48 pst columbus ohio ap -- mitt romney hop.. rt wsjgraphics ohio and tennessee are the state to watch on super tuesday. the wsj guide i finally get why we call it supertuesday. rt thr four more sponsors drop rush limbaugh bringing the total to 24 rt thedemocrats new poll show romney s image is currently worse than recent candidate who went on to win a presidential nomination. ..who said it mitt romney or mr. burns hee hee - this is kinda awesome thanks jeff parker rt umichbball michigan will play west virginia on december 15 2012 at the soon-to-be-opened barclays center in ny. .. chucktodd republican spin is probably meant to convey we trust the primary process which is a way of holding off saying mitt is in.  news romney promise military option to stop iran nuke - action news 5 - memphis tennessee rt motherjones santorum said in 94 that single mom were destroying fabric of the country. solution kicking them in the butt. ht ..rt liteworkr it s super tuesday..tell everyone to get out vote 4 ron paul my squawkcnbc interview discussing why mittromney is a great nominee gas price and why george will is a loser. it s a nice day in ohioromney and santorum vie for blue-collar vote with a little help of my famous friend diese us-stars unterst tzen obama romney und co. gba rt stateimpactoh new from ohio gadfly daily charter school self-dealing hurt kid and need attention 709k alaska airlines gate 31a  debate commenting on obama presser amine_ouazad ronald freeman atlanticcouncil update from ohio courtesy of nathanking supertuesdayrt washingtonpost report forget the ipad 3 it s the ipad hd  thedailybeast davidfrum santorum is so desperate for a win he s willing to say anything. whiner in chief happy super tuesday check out abc news ultimate guide to supertuesday mrs. callista gingrich came to visit and read to our students. she toured the school and wa impressed with the.. rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..i m in so is irishprick1 supertuesday heading to the poll play mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrcgeorgia - eib - the rush limbaugh show time to give limbaugh the bum s rush..follow all of the supertuesday news and track the win sentiment for each gop candidate with our election app i am ready to go back to georgia. i can stand ppl from nj.oh dear lord romney representing the republican party y all are in deepmitt you re upmittcreekwithoutapaddle lol supertuesday thefix how many state ha ron paul won if he is so popular why hasn t he won state i m at panera bread 300 constitution dr 101 virginia beach rt thinkprogress barbara bush call the 2012 presidential race the worst campaign i ve ever seen in my life icymirt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. ..rt dwightgingrich ricksantorum the who can t even get fully qualified on the ballot in 5 state say he is strongest candidate . s ..voted for ron paul today. rt w_whitehurst you mean if all the candidate win today santorum will be part of a three-way tie supertuesday romney hoping for a big leap in delegate race rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot romney hoping for a big leap in delegate race 03-06 08 48 pst columbus ohio ap -- mitt romney hoped to tak.. ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran romney hoping for a big leap in delegate race 03-06 08 48 pst columbus ohio ap -- mitt romney hoped to tak.. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt word_34 santorum single moms are breeding more criminals via motherjonesmany hopeful opinion from republicans that supertuesday will decide nominee. if gingrich win ga santorum in tn not gonna happen.rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. i m really curious about who tn is going to vote for today. my prediction santorum. why the people i know in tn are politically insane.events rick santorum for president via ricksantorumrt umichbball michigan will play west virginia on december 15 2012 at the soon-to-be-opened barclays center in ny. romney eye crown a us vote on super tuesday 7draws big crowd in idaho.. rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers where jimdemint tell like it is on romneycare and show you why it hard to support mitt romney -- gt rt pilgrimsrant ohio a.g mike devine is a white trash traitor who flipped flopped on mitt romney for reason only money can buy karen santorum press paints inaccurate picture via timepolitics sarahpalinusa a pro war christian is about a viable a a meat eating vegetarian. no such thing.rt huffingtonpost ann romney doesn t consider herself wealthy. say what got a question about supertuesday tweet u - we ll submit them to our reporter for you askareporterrt huffingtonpost colbert call rush limbaugh a poster boy for contraception who will win the alaska republican presidential preference poll today ohio s new congressional and statehouse map used for first time in today s primary the ne.. rt ollybarratt looking forward to hearing simonmarksfsn on lbc973 later from washington talking supertuesday.rt 7667love the gop ha no intention of beating obama.if they did they would of put their support behind the only candidate that could .. thinkprogress now it s 24. boycottrush standwithsandra stopthehatedtn world news romney eye crown a us vote on super tuesday columbus voters from alaska to georgia are goin.. rt shortwave8669 newt destroys occupy wall street ows withnewtrt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers it s a supertuesday to plant some tree ah my mistake. zekejmiller point out that romney s main party is in boston mass. ohio is a campaign watch party.rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..listage sh t gordon ramsay says santorum cake -__- rt binky_9 justcallmekj_ ohio where romney eye crown a us vote on super tuesday columbus voters from alaska to georgia are going to the poll o.. borgata pocket tees are here at art under pressure 4807 georgia avenue nw washington dc 20011.. rt govchristie dems have stopped talking tax increase joined call for relief we ve turned trenton upside down ..i m voting for newt gingrich.. supertuesday go newty go newty romney eye crown a us vote on super tuesday rt wsjgraphics ohio and tennessee are the state to watch on super tuesday. the wsj guide rt usatoday can your status update help predict election outcome supertuesday science u.s. top news ohio school rampage victim mourned suspect face hearing tech pleasertrt cnnlive wolf blitzer moderate a special supertuesday cnn election roundtable with cnn s political team. live dtn usa romney hoping for a big leap in delegate race 03-06 08 48 pst columbus ohio ap -- mitt romney hop.. post edited gingrich win in georgia on super tuesda newt is way to old for the presidency. supertuesdayrt senatorsanders 70 member of congress signed bernie s letter asking the cftc to end the speculation that is driving up gasprices ..gingrich win in georgia on super tuesday may not be  thedailybeast either. does hemother sentenced to 10 year for assaulting son a tennessee mother who pleaded guilty to assaulting her toddler..  science u.s. top news ohio school rampage victim mourned suspect face hearing tech pleasertwv gt va - at least west virginia ha the charles town racist and sluts. joenbc need any p.a. s i m in buffalo but could relocate. desperately need work.really interesting article and program in massachusetts regarding fishing i am way too excited for supertuesdayrt bradthacker saturday may 5th rockstar arena dayton ohio hardcore comedy with realmickfoley therevboblevy and myself. tickets onsa .. foxnews isn t it the parent job to make sure their child is safe not the govt s job rt cfbrower by this time tomorrow the mormon church will have baptized rick santorum s presidential campaign. tj__myers tweetsbysierra ron paul is also acceptablei really love mayhewbergman s story and today you can buy a whole book of them. so you should. i did supertuesdayrt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers ron paul eye nd.. romney hoping for a big leap in delegate race 03-06 08 48 pst columbus ohio ap -- mitt romney hoped to tak..  nowwithalex newtgingrich he need it. not very likedrt whinenot newt the biggest difference in the race between the 3 major contender is 1 of u ha consistently shown leadership su ..rt time photos sled dog vs. 1049 miles. it s the iditarod rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasdkos ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran about those gas price mitt.. p2rt jennacnnpr tune in online - cnn election roundtable 12pmet register to submit question at ..rt umichbball michigan will play west virginia on december 15 2012 at the soon-to-be-opened barclays center in ny. ..ron paul 2012 legalizert theplumlinegs not even blaming obama will bail rush out of his mess this time rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers had no idea the mapp v. ohio case involved him. precedent-setting case rt sunnydaydreamer the only people ronpaul will feel obliged to help are we the people not goldman sachs. he get his support from ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt huffingtonpost radiohead reveals another new song how are the poll looking needham supertuesday cairnage invoking the alien enemies act of 1798 i hereby sentence you to wear a santorum-approved sweater vest for 1 month. severe yes  linked trscoop karen santorum s revealing look at her husband ricksantorum wepickrick election news tcot videowatching super tuesday in virginia is to see why president obama will win in november. major excitement deficit for the republicans. michigan basketball coach john beilein will face his former team west virginia next december rt lynchosu why are republican voter in ohio having such a hard time today casting their vote supertuesday oh ..rt playa_made_dub sun belt championship game ualr vs. middle tennessee on espn at 1 00nasa launching rocket nasa to use virginia site to launch five rocket in experiment visible along eastern sea..  chucktodd should they be is the alternate party with incumbent always a active a the dems have been throughout this process  attackwatch2 mittromney is no mccain trust me.. i live in az and this is not 2008.. hopenchange ha left a lasting impression judge napolitano what if they re lying to you about ron paul - fox business via youtubeif your in ohio district 3 go vote for maryjokilroy p2seriously whiner it s supertuesday we have a chance at bringing rush down you re cry about eric holder really really rt usrealitycheck ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran mitt romney illustrates his for.. ..rt davidaxelrod romney disingenuously assails obama at aipac and then vehemently promise to do what obama ha already done. ..rt bonniehenna to look life in the face always to know it for what it is..at last to love it for what it is and then to put it away ..rt bardofearth unflinching conservative rick santorum in 1993 more government needed in health care via raemd95i m at tennessee ballroom 2800 opryland dr. gaylord opryland resort nashville rt nytimes critic s notebook kindle singles genre between magazine articles and books mitt gains among conservatives via timepoliticsrt brianhdarling did ann romney make a gaffe - thinkprogress accused biggovernment of selectively editing vide ..rt nick_glass24 georgia s 2013 class is gonna be crazyrt wtcommunities super tuesday primary march madness begin at 7 30pm est via wtcommunities supertuesday therealroseanne barackobama newtgingrich mittromney billmaher mmflint he let me make up my own mind.. that is a gift.rt liteworkr dr. ron paul is truly 4 the people of the usa. he will keep in place our constitution bill of rights-which he ha dedica ..rt wsjgraphics ohio and tennessee are the state to watch on super tuesday. the wsj guide time is ticking read about clocks with class in northeast georgia living magazine rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt huffpostpol it s super tuesday and rick santorum ha some work to do ohio man dy after meth lab fire at nursing home authorities in northeast ohio have identified a man who died ..  uwdomke halbergx are on kuow right now tune in 4 uwelectioneye on supertuesday in id super tuesday mitt romney and rick santorum fight to the wire live v a guardianit s super tuesday of course i voted for the only sane candidate out there.. ricky santorumi m at twin peaks - oklahoma city 3109 w memorial rd. btw n may ave. state hwy. 74 oklahoma city rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt thefix alex trebek trying to pronounce dr. tobias funke is a recipe for hilarity. draws big crowd in idaho.. draws big crowd in idaho.. second column 9th story link related story ron paul.. robbing kid of college shortchanges our future. rt tnsenatedems bill could cut 100 from hope lottery scholarship  barackobama i hear you were coming to pg county virginia on friday well i would like to know excatly what time because i have class rt america should not let this man santorum anywhere near the nuclear button he is a much a religious extremist a iran s own acmanidjodert washingtonpost iran say it will open key base for nuclear inspection overheard coffee shop conversation mitt romney is moderate. he d be electable if he could talk. tee-hee.i just voted for mitt romney. that s never gonna happen again.rt francoisf24 debate commenting on obama presser amine_ouazad ronald freeman atlanticcouncil update from ohio courtesy of nath ..waiting for supertuesday __sillyme are you in ohio yet rt washingtonpost these golfer want the right to drink earlier - at 6 30 a.m. rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt newshour 5 thing to watch for on supertuesday by pbsgwen up next jonward11 on santorum teeter on campaign precipice in ohio .rt forward_future politiclsvvyphd ron paul wants tornado victims to fend for themselves that is false and mi ..no matter who win today s presidential primary republicans anti-worker move are harming them among ohio voters. rt foxnews gop race hit super tuesday with presidential nomination still up for grab supertuesdayrt milbank it s been too long since we ve had a war. rt whinenot newt the only hope we have to beat obama is to have better idea to communicate clearly to break through his billion- ..spring break i want to be in georgia .. yeeaah  fmckinnon super tuesday in texas apparently wa rescheduled but i am unashamedly ronpaul all the way i added a video to a youtube playlist dr. ron paul on fox news 03-03-12ron paul ronpaul is now trending in detroit rt realdonaldtrump my squawkcnbc interview discussing why mittromney is a great nominee gas price and why george will is a loser. ..rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..greg peters ha joined stonebridge a director for oklahoma delivery. why tennessee is the state to watch on supertuesday via globeandmailrt jason_burns mtv ad warn americans what ndaa authorizes under law supertuesday gop teaparty gingrich romn .. mastermindlive i wa thinking about gingrich my bad. danaperino 1st time u have been wrong. snow anit sm buz work for welfare vote. nowwithalex this is what i have been pointing out 2 other around me romney can not break 40 this doe not bold well unless he beat 40 so clairecmc want you to vote..i say let s vote. sorry..i got no for you senator.dayton ohio elder financial abuse what is it rt freepwolverines rt umichbball michigan will play west virginia on december 15 2012 at the soon-to-be-opened barclays center in n ..a parent s guide to school shootings by greg ellifritz ohio -- i walked into the high sch..  thejacobsinger newtgingrich amen to that avd911 idiot weak candidate entrenched in the past romney is a moderate but can not b in that party he is damaged goodrt rushtwoifbytea rush and the team at twoifbytea greatly appreciate all of your support. please stay tuned for a twitter exclusive ..sacramento i hear your going to vote on a new arena supertuesdaythe best guide to what used to be known a supertuesday  clairecmc can you tweet supporting the catholic church and the attack on religious freedom. or do you only care about name calling rt thejacobsinger georgia voters vote newtgingrich today on your ballot it s time to turn this country around. huffingtonpost dang i need new bible oh i need to sleep with it. so said so donethe tx primary wa originally scheduled for today a part of supertuesday but wa moved to may 29th. find out more if you had a flat tire and someone stopped to help you out there a good chance that great human wa a ronpaul supporter bestpeopleeverrt dancemomchristi yes virginia i will be tweeting live tonight. east coast time. dancemomsrt ariannahuff shorter krugman it s the austerity stupid rt paulbegala . alexcast i will be grilled by suzanne malveaux on cnn this hour. can romney close the deal will alex be mitt s runn ..drudge report - draws big crowd in idaho.. draws big crowd in idaho.. second column 9th story link related .. rt whinenot newt on romney s winning strategy anyone who think romney can outraise obama it ain t going to happen fail super ..rt thefix alex trebek trying to pronounce dr. tobias funke is a recipe for hilarity. romney santorum square off in super tuesday battle romney santorum square off in super tuesday battle is a po.. rt auriandra dkos ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran about those gas price ..happy super tuesday if rick santorum look like he is pulling ahead in anything i am moving to canada.rt joenigm before you vote today ask yourself. who would best take the fight to the medium and obama that s newtgingrich ga tn ok ..rt thefix alex trebek trying to pronounce dr. tobias funke is a recipe for hilarity. rt mattsmith223 beautiful day in columbus ohiolike the huffpost republican election tracker supertuesdayhelp u end lra violence. visit to find out why and how. mittromney join u for kony2012rt ultrahomecare massachusetts kids with diabetes get elevated at wachusett mountain with pro .. roi foster a winter sport an.. h ..ohio manufacturing good time are back sort of via cnnmoneysantorum ha done an excellent job of alienating just about every group of people in america. impressive even for a republican.the gop ha no intention of beating obama if they did they would of put their support behind the only candidate that could beat ronpaul ronpaul will end the nation-building that is draining troop morale increasing debt sacrificing life with no end in sight. supertuesdayrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt stephenathome you know that warm tingly feeling you get when your foot fall asleep that s how i feel about mitt.romney cld well close deal today but if economy continues to pick up his rationale for running weakens - he ll need to broaden appeal.rt shortwave8669 newt gingrich slams nancy pelosi as despicable dishonest and vicious in her attack on cia ..super tuesday gingrich say rival won t bring fundamental change rt mollyesque if you want to win catholics you don t unnecessarily throw up on jfk strategist tell roarty_nj re santorum. .. video romney s super tuesday polls surge after he begins flaunting his wealth oh if we only cared about newt.. newt gingrich is holding a rally at the huntsville space and rocket center at 12 30 p.m. draws big crowd in idaho.. draws big crowd in idaho.. second column 9th story link related story ron paul..  alexwagner look for a 3rd party forming against romney a the inevitable candidate. mitchellreports scc ha a campuscarry bill in arizona. you talked to colin goddard about it how about some balance from it supporter reo listings another record in new reo properties - short sales in vermont shortsales theharryshearer newt s obviously an oxymoron. emphasisonmoronrt peanutt5 ronpaul is my choice for potus. i will not settle. there is no compromise. supertuesday gop paulbegala alexcast cnn hey talk abt how mitt advice pres to health mandate on the nationtoday is the day i m gonna register to vote and i m voting for ronpaul also good luck to my bff nataliegarner on her interview rt huffingtonpost senseless murder caught on tape i prefere this rt nbcnews government agency college demanding full access to applicant facebook account lmao they play eye of the tiger when newt gingrich show up to his campaign events.. very fittingrt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..i tweet for newt gingrich myvotefactor tweet your vote 2012 republican primaries newtgingrichrt ariannahuff acc. to cnn iran already ha nukes. at least the medium ha learned it lesson from iraq right ..state chamber report say oklahoma public school spend 9 121 per pupil need an oven mitt for these.. today s mortgage rates lower from first priority financial - santorum higher income people don t have to pay taxes if they don t want to rented this beast of a car for our trip to aaron s wedding in virginia.. rackintosh y all ready for thi rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot rt huffingtonpost colbert call rush limbaugh a poster boy for contraception rt thehill dem lawmaker repcohen to protest rush limbaugh by not buying clear channel ad rushlimbaughrt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..cuyahoga falls oh making his final pitch to ohio voter monday rick santorum called on supporter to vote f.. idaho - eib - the rush limbaugh show time to give limbaugh the bum s rush..rt cawehner just voted for ron paul. don t forget to get out and vote oklahoma  bretbaier specialreport kimsfirst stephenfhayes andreatantaros thejuanwilliams will the panel be disc mitt caught lying on mandate the notion that santorum could should be a president of any country is part of a huge problem. newzealand please take u.s. refugees.rt rt_4_rp rt anna12061 16 022 ron paul votes stolen by voting machines.. watch diebold machine .. via youtubegingrich ows go get a job right after you take a bath withnewt socallynn he life in virginia..romney and paul on ballot say he will vote for romney that he cannot vote for rp..rt spankybrown jackson tennessee south st comedy club ..this weekend don t make me drive out there for nothin neither ..rt realdonaldtrump my squawkcnbc interview discussing why mittromney is a great nominee gas price and why george will is a loser. ..i m at mit building 5 55 massachusetts ave btw memorial dr and vassar st cambridge voting for ron paul kevinhuguley will be proud of merick santorum delivers a pizza and when you don t have any money he sits down and take the lid off and oh there it is the new testament. bearsdraftguy feel free to follow a bears fan in ohio i will follow you beardownlistening to georgia by field mob - whoa tim tebow is a ron paul supporter.rt whinenot newt the biggest difference in the race between the 3 major contender is 1 of u ha consistently shown leadership su ..ohio voter remain angry about republican attack on union rt markknoller happy 100th birthday to the oreo cookie. first sold on this day in 1912 to a grocer in hoboken nj.rt ross_abbey sorry mitt - you _can_ drive a car with a windmill on it midwest energy news washingtonpost you mean there s actually a profession based around dipping biscuit into hot drink count me in super tuesday mitt romney focus on economy while rival seek opening super tuesday mitt romney focus on.. eitha im goin to the army or im movin to ohio rt righteousjesse getting out of tennessee for a few day is going to be amazing. i cannot wait to be in richmond. nike rt ohiostate_11 so they totally screw ohio st..but then this oregon is slowly fading from ncaa spotlight rt elsiesnuffin tough telling them apart. rt katskii this is brilliant who said that mitt romney or mr burns ..where are my manner happy super tuesday let s get out republicangop and make mittromney our candidate rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price .. shinetime_steve cannible is not b.r.i.m he is s.h.i.t slawest human in tennessee. that is all. lmao damnvideos from the road. west virginia virginia and north carolina. the early day via aimlesscollect daveweigel did you forget a link rt travelchannel today s daily escape is from nantucket harbor massachusetts.  ariannahuff this guy is insane and always ha been. why did doe anyone ever give crazy like him a platform begin with and continue to  roxybee40 nope he ha to head to vermont tomorrow.rt huffingtonpost should word like tranny and faggot ever be used  clairecmc you are so worried about this girl that want something for free. this is why the country is going to hell thanks to libsi think i should lace ohio with an official suckafreecru band __sillymert paulbegala . alexcast i will be grilled by suzanne malveaux on cnn this hour. can romney close the deal will alex be mitt s runn ..rt newshour 5 thing to watch for on supertuesday by pbsgwen i wish that mittromney and the gop were a pro-middle class a they are pro-israel. tcot p2ever notice that ron paul get involved in the least amount of bickering between the rep ronpaulfridays wbb1 00 pm se louisiana 0 mcneese state 0 2 00 pm ark little rock 0 middle tennessee 0 3 30 pm texas state.. rt paeznyc ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran  daveweigel follow kfgomediaanne romney what a woman no wonder he s fucked up she s been given credit for keeping him grounded. what a pair ows please correct rt la_hargis newt i don t care who you are i care who you want to be. military veteran withnewt ohprimary ca kansa tn krt huffingtonpost should the keystone xl pipeline be permitted in the u.s. join the debate here wonder what instapundit think about the fact that the majority of republicans in his home state are birthers the story of two romney s trapped in one body ohprimary canton youngstown wilmington oh timetochoose 250gas tn rt slate gail collins ha referenced mitt romney s dog on the roof story more than 50 time with my besties in virginiart fvap today is supertuesday are you voting go to fvap.gov to register and requedst your ballot today.rt senatorsanders video sen. sanders on cnbc explaining how the cftc is refusing to regulate excessive oil speculation .. thestormyblonde i retract the statement about gingrich they already did. but not a moon base which is what he wants. newtgingrich we are with you speaker gingrich my daughter say be mighty with 8 hour left of voting for the est - seems that oh is leaning for romney by nearly every prediction. fbmitt romney tell pro-israel group he would not hesitate to attack iran if president rt mcpollock ryanobles it wa a very slow day at about 8 30 only about 12 had voted at my precinct 204 i voted for mittromneyrt american_bridge where wa dicklugar this morning did you guess high-dollar fundraiser in dc video insenhere s newt .. being newt at aipac .. he s awesome with 8 hour left of voting for the est - seems that oh is leaning for romney by nearly every prediction. fbrt huffingtonpost demi lovato open up about new eating disorder documentary the blunt amendment didn t go far enough ronpaul tlottoledo oh wrong-way driver kills three sorority sisters in ohio mitt romney tell pro-israel group he would not hesitate to attack iran if president murder suspect attacked in massachusetts courtroom rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt ronpaulcom a few good reason not to vote for ron paul.. rt michiganprobz thatswhyyouhavenofriends cause your from ohio michiganprobzcuyahoga falls oh making his final pitch to ohio voter monday rick santorum called on supporter to vote f.. rt dwightgingrich ricksantorum the who can t even get fully qualified on the ballot in 5 state say he is strongest candidate . s ..rt gyro321 if you live in virginia- don t forget to vote today polls are quiet.. a good chance for liberty to sneak in a win ron .. votelarightwing please stop following me i don t like mitt romney either i don t like santorum -.- wtf they are f ckin crazy rt billsync newt won t vote even though there r plenty of important va races. what doe this say about him ga ..ron paul s supporter may shun gop presidential nominee in november showdown with obama .. startelegram ronpaulif this is you then ron paul is not a good choice for you. ronpaul2012 rt ariannahuff how the sleep deficit is damaging america s long-term health sleepweek rt wsj steve jobs s widow the palm pilot inventor and other tech titan are funding effort to help undocumented student ..illdoctrine - phony a song for mitt romney ccagw calls on georgia house to vote on hb 855 rt cnnlive wolf blitzer moderate a special supertuesday cnn election roundtable with cnn s political team. live rt wsj steve jobs s widow the palm pilot inventor and other tech titan are funding effort to help undocumented student ..rt abbeast313 to my friend in ohio..go vote today. please supertuesday newtgingrich i live in beavercreek ohio and i have already voted for you. i took advantage of the early vote rick santorum flip-flopped on abortion zzsantorum notsantorum tcot teaparty tiot notrick goprt chardy320 hey everybody in georgia. get off your lazy ass and go vote today. it s important and you get a cool sticker with a pea ..rt jessicacnn it s supertuesday talking politics w paulbegala alexcast david_gergen gopblackchick donnabrazile on suzannem ..rt huffingtonpost watch dog play piano and sings happy supertuesday everyone i urge you today to go express your democratic right and not vote. yep i want my vote to be worth more. supertuesday is here - doe your candidate care about the latino community rt danielseidemann ny times gingrich promises to move american embassy to jerusalem on day 1 rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt patriot_mac withnewt a lifetime nra mbr speaking about gunrights at nra convention-4 29 2011 gop2012 t .. cmccaff542 mittromney cspanvl what a great speech.. i dream of a potus that ha strength and resolve.. i dream of president romney  thedemocrats shake up all of iran via global speech admonishing iran s supreme leader not ahmad jad use quran to get iran off israelrt 2012twit top tag tweeted by 2012gop past 24hrs tcot ronpaul 250gas getmoneyout gop2012 ohprimary ohgop akgop withnewt .. supertuesday is to election day like the start of advent is to christmas.supporting santorum means rejecting the tea party alaska haida d vme desenler fla lari haida tattoo design free flash sayfa fenix tribalbreast tattoo quote sleev.. rt politicprophet santorum forfeit 27 of 66 delegate in oh today plus all in virginia unorganizedsantorumrepublicans backing romney by default rt floridaline ohio voter remain angry about republican attack on union  stephennreed deejgregory newtanman your right like ohio that ha 63 delegate which is 2x a much a he ha now. he s 3rd in polling lolsuper tuesday it s all about ohio christianityrt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..if ron paul doesn t win i m go tripalaska musher aliy zirkle leading iditarod musher aliy zirkle who finished 11th in the iditarod last year was..  rt simply_janese grad school might be the move in january future georgia tech girl getting ready to go vote on supertuesdayonly newt ha the right solution for the us vote newt withnewt ohprimary ca ak tn ok 250gas militaryrt dhol268893 rt onechele what dailykos rick santorum single mother are breeding more criminal rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt globepolitical mitt romney tell pro-israel group he would not hesitate to attack iran if president rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..ohio just made bbc world news radio. it s super tuesday and we re the most important state in the race right now. vote vote vote rt lindsjaye today is the day i m gonna register to vote and i m voting for ronpaul also good luck to my bff nataliegarner on he ..rt childmuse come learn about artist georgia o keeffe and salvador dali and use them for inspiration to make your own artwork we are watching and hoping a ohio plan a holistic overhaul of it doc- focused on safer facility and more service rt cnnlive wolf blitzer moderate a special supertuesday cnn election roundtable with cnn s political team. live rt byronyork could be a game. number of column nyt s gail collins ha written mentioning romney dog-on-car 45. number mentioning jer ..new uniform red georgia clay now we just need to win today to complete the hat trick rt matthewsoerens grover norquist rail against ending birthright citizenship a advocated by romney immigration advisor kris kobach .. job in ohio rt starbucksjobs here are a couple of store manager opening in ohio cleveland oh rt cnnbrk 14 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says.  kerr4a i know lol this is killing me.. im reading all the stuff about supertuesday instead hahart artswriter kathleen madigan dis rush limbaugh dismisses mitt romney discus davy jones on road to laughfest 2012 mlive ht ..rt ronpaul_2012 ron paul speech at idaho falls mar 5 2012 ron paul speech at idaho falls mar 5 2012 ronpaul ..rt navyvetswife rick santorum stepped away from the campaign trail briefly today to personally a.. kathy say this evening march 5th the mayor of elyria ohio proclaimed march 26 2012 purple day .. rt donnabrazile 437 delegate are at stake in 10 primary contest today. will we be any closer to a presumptive nominee suzannemalve .. this man will be a detroit lion rt huffingtonpost demi lovato open up about new eating disorder documentary rt freepwolverines rt umichbball michigan will play west virginia on december 15 2012 at the soon-to-be-opened barclays center in n ..rt ewturner who said it mitt romney or mr. burns congrats to pi phi ohio eta chapter on their new derby days coach nickphilip89 and remymooneyrt onradio2now 17 05 simon mayo drivetime a touch of tennessee for a tuesday - gretchen peters is live in session.  espn when doe ohio state play new post news bite gop split on fracking in ohio rt thehill dem lawmaker repcohen to protest rush limbaugh by not buying clear channel ad rushlimbaugh lruettimann dems can vote in the primary in virginia. who should i write in  newt will surely unravel him lucillerussell9 the unraveling of barry soetoro a k a barack hussein obama ii  tittyboobowitz pretty strange i know but my aunt ha a romney fetish. newt ha a tattoo of falkor with a patch of his own white hair on it. realdonaldtrump squawkcnbc mittromney george will is a loser he showed it.on supertuesday i wonder if you can tell anything about a person by the super hero they like best new post senior republican predicts voter won t buy gingrich s 2.50 gas pledge rt whinenot newt the only hope we have to beat obama is to have better idea to communicate clearly to break through his billion- ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt catholiclisa linked trscoop karen santorum s revealing look at her husband ricksantorum wepickrick electi ..rt lcbrown the way ann romney s statement in this video ha been abused is a true injustice to her i hope this ..me and twitterless jackie are nomad for the baseball team game then off to west virginia supportive werulegood luck to newtgingrich tonight. newt2012rt greatdismal speaking of mugabe i think he ha a lock on vermont on super tuesday. and look for joe mccarthy to take ohio. seeno ..if i m newt i m happy with a win in ga strong showing in tn and second place in ok. but where doe he go from there liberty allows for the individual to be creative productive or spiritual on one s own term encourages excellence virtue ronpaul goprt wsj steve jobs s widow the palm pilot inventor and other tech titan are funding effort to help undocumented student ..rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt time photos sled dog vs. 1049 miles. it s the iditarod i really hate ricksantorum. itsoktobegay lgbtrights womensrights  usrealitycheck iran ha non violent 99 gene_sharp movement mitt is 1 let the people 99 of iran have their struggle owspre-foreclosure house for sale 2248 bayberry st virginia beach .. pre-foreclosure house for sale 2248 bayberry.. wallstreet journal rick santorum super tuesday outlook  georgia_gent uff you sure know your way to a georgia girl heart i m in you let me know when you re ready  cnn piersmorgan she s not judging how s that pthth. sorry to be so judgmental myself.wallstreet journal super tuesday ohio looming super large  mittromney i understand your wife s comment. she is not wealthy because of the way she spends her money. she is rich but not wealthy.rt daveweigel mormon rubio romney s 2009 op-ed.. buzzfeed eating everybody else s lunch with like 1 5 the political reporting staffvisiting coeurdalene idaho check out this great new app for news weather hotel and food here rt therealoderus and congrats to ron paul for being the only gop candidate with the ball to call rush limbaugh the scumbag that he is.rt ricksantorum as commander-in-chief i would commit to keeping our promise to veterans. this is not a republican democrat issue bu ..rt madjen34 supertuesday switch newtgingrich co-chairman stacey campfield now back ricksantorum changed my mind.. i really wanna live in georgia.rt nowwithalex . chucktodd if mittromney look inevitable after tonight there are diminishing return for gingirch santorum - coul ..ron paul gonna die  ricksantorum i would vote for you but you couldn t even get the paperwork in to my state votingromneyinstedrt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. .. rushwmalads got it. can you email u a you get confirmation jlegum amprog.orgoceania cruises to return to alaska for summer 2013 cruise travel ttby frontrunner i clearly mean nominee bc let s get this thing wrapped up no more surge start discussing vp candidates. supertuesdayrt ronpaulsvoice americans would be safer richer freer if our gov would simply look to constitution and respect the boundary it ha ..supaa tuesday. ready to rock ohio s vote ronpauli wa prepared to vote for newt today if and only if i saw callista furrow her eyebrow yesterday. rt pilot2b ..  realdonaldtrump squawkcnbc mittromney seriously you re attacking his hair out of bounds.wallstreet journal rick santorum super tuesday outlook rt umichbball michigan will play west virginia on december 15 2012 at the soon-to-be-opened barclays center in ny. ..i m at integris health south 1600 s 119th oklahoma city rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt charlieseawolf looking forward to joining iaindale on lbc973 frm 8-9 2nite on supertuesday and eventual 2012 election.flashback 1994 appears that romney may have laid the groundwork for mccain feingold later ruled mostly unconst rt odiolasgalletas wv gt va - at least west virginia ha the charles town racist and sluts.rt daveweigel rt dougsaunders constitutional monarchy. it lead to this. rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  senjohnmccain you understand we do the same thing to our citizen right how come you re not posting link to those event within the usa  msnbc why am i not surprised rt lolgop mitt romney i ve got move like putin.with respect to mitt newt et al re-signing grabovski for five year is what make this supertuesday leafsmt ricksantorum if you give me opportunity i will fight for you gt gt provided you don t do anything untoward with your penis or anyone else si uploaded a youtube video voting in ohio - must hide my ron paul shirtrt ronpaulsvoice government must obey the law that it expects other people to obey ronpaul supertuesday gop obama2012slogans if you hate obama you may die early through your own fault. truthteam2012 get the facts. fight the smears. withnewtrt cwarzel chart huge release of twitter data show gop primary trends twitter tech gop supertuesday govfive most dangerous metro stop are all green line station five safest metro stops are one in northern virginia. unsurprisingrt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..on this supertuesday it s time to make the most important decision of all.. what s for lunch rick santorum backers accuse mitt romney of advancing gay marriage by on top magazine staff surrogates of rick .. wallstreet journal super tuesday ohio looming super large for sale 75hp mercury outboard jet great motor ready to go 3 100 - lebanon tennessee as much a i love my job i can t wait for the workday to end so i can go vote for dr. ronpaul. yes i am a nerd for liberty.rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..six theme cruises with travel credit kick off safari endeavour s inaugural .. alaska cruise theme whale ph.. got to walk miss virginia around school today rt thejoshuablog via dailykos ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran p2 p2bnorman- only a few ticket left for tonight at the opolis. can t wait to see you all for our oklahoma showwe re live from pigeon forge tennessee tonight from 6 with the 60 at 6 70 at 7 and you can hear about another..  thedailybeast 4.0 quake jolts bay area cheatsheetrt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. .. time timeculture truly disappointed  ib4newt so so tired of the dam news they first say santorum in ok or ohio but they want romney a the nom tired of this crapsix theme cruises with travel credit kick off safari endeavour s inaugural .. alaska cruise theme whale ph.. rt lynchosu why are republican voter in ohio having such a hard time today casting their vote rt mcpollock ryanobles it wa a very slow day at about 8 30 only about 12 had voted at my precinct 204 i voted for mittromneylatest washington post abc news poll show that americans really don t like any of the gop candidate supertuesdayit is unfair for the courts to side with newt gingrich to continue to use eye of the tiger if the composer oppose him using the song rt greatdismal speaking of mugabe i think he ha a lock on vermont on super tuesday. and look for joe mccarthy to take ohio. seeno ..the problem with g.w.bush is that he had no newt withnewt oh ohpol tcot tlotrt auriandra santorum rip single mother if you want to reduce the dem advantage what you do is build two-parent family ..rt tpm colbert rush will do anything with his mouth for cash 03 01 2012 case announcements - supreme court of ohio - state .. briefing schedule it is ordered by the court.. us idaho potatoes release passionate new recipe book - freshplaza rt umichbball michigan will play west virginia on december 15 2012 at the soon-to-be-opened barclays center in ny. ..rt huffpostpol wyoming lawmaker reject welfare drug testing bill over question of constitutionality like newt gingrich fails at marriage rt rnc green firm get federal dollar give executive bonus and.. fail obmamaonemptyrt jenniferdanae ricksantorum you have my vote supertuesday standardequitysale justlisted on tennessee in palmdesert singlefamily w 1 00 tmp i predict rick satan-torum will win oklahoma today. i don t like you rick satan-torum. and this personhood bill good gravy.rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot rt mckaycoppins who said it mitt romney vs. mr. burns rt thefix newt gingrich getting secret service protection starting at midnight tonight. so guess this mean he s staying in. ..couldn t be a prouder big sister rt hmunroe just voted for mitt ohio mitt2012rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. aparently there are ron paul supporter outside the vines center hollering yelling. wish i could go heckle them. i m kidding nicktripprt iamyungreed super tuesday will osu students get psyched to vote reporter andrew jenks embeds in the ohio state university.. htt ..rt auriandra dkos ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran about those gas price .. cakreiz i d say we could probably use joenbc in politics right now.. but you re right quite the gig he s got over there. johncusack i don t think we can do anything for him. he isn t going to win and neither is ron paul who i would rather see in the position live_free124 ronpaul don t count on itthe latest news from the usoc - march 6 and holley mangold dayton ohio captured team usa s two nomination t.. rt yowan our country s founder cherished liberty not democracy. ronpaul ronpaul2012 gop2012 gop vaprimary supertuesdaynew realbirds collection from play-n-squeak fairport harbor ohio march 6 2012 prnewswire -- play-n-squeak.. rt jgoff1900 timeflies can you please get to oklahoma weragehardas gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread rt thinkprogress breaking five more company pull ad from rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 20 advertiser overall. ..rt ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are. join me in t .. thedailybeast davidfrum what is santorum drinking too much charlie sheen juice happy super tuesday lets all get wicked high throw a vote to my dood ron paul so we can get this country back on track..marks legalizert raybeckerman massachusetts considers shield law for journalists bloggers mediapost photo release -- micron announces first 2.5-inch pcie enterprise ssd boise idaho -- micron technology inc. .. on my way 2 do this interview for wild 93.9 kiss fm..big ups to dj ol skool ..ohio let s get itrt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt prosperous_me it s supertuesday go votert bostondotcom mitt romney tell pro-israel group he would not hesitate to attack iran if president photos supertuesday voter turn out a contest get underway tweet the scene at your polling place rt thinkprogress sen. murkowski r-ak regret voting for blunt bill i have let these woman down  gomitt romney2012 supertuesday happy super tuesday everyone i need to get dressed and go vote but question i ve lost my voter i.d. card is a driver license adequate in tn supertuesdayrt jimacostacnn asked for prepared remark for santorum at aipac. campaign response written text never rt la_hargis newt i don t care who you are i care who you want to be. military veteran withnewt ohprimary ca kansa tn krt newtgingrich danlederman great news we are adding delegate across the country bc of the dedication and support of citizen like ..read my lips no newt gingrich obama 4 more years rt to show support-k1 -- k1 g-stategreat k1dadon rt daveweigel mormon rubio romney s 2009 op-ed.. buzzfeed eating everybody else s lunch with like 1 5 the political reporting staffrt jneumann54 my first lol tweet of the day - newtgingrich humbly asking for votes. might need to send him a dictionary for that one. stephennreed deejgregory newtanman fwiw i really wish newt would win. i like him. he s a great politician and highly intelligentrt theharryshearer newt i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. humble to be bold. humbleboldrt huffingtonpost exclusive billmaher s new rule for craigslist video  supertuesday unfavorable gt favorable rating can t wait to see who is le unfavorable rt votepaul2012 mitt romney i d vote for ronpaul if he becomes the gop nominee.  swiftmiguel. what about the rating in alaska out the park i bet. bretbaier i wa voter 2 this morning at my precinct in fairfax va. very low turnout. good news for ronpaul  therealroseanne barackobama newtgingrich mittromney billmaher mmflint i take politics very seriously i want to see change not hope waiting for one of the romney s to claim that they were born a poor black child. p2 fairbanks alaska fpd multiple vehicle collisions on the rich hwy at badge road intersection closest to fbks. vehicle traffic is stalled.rt frankie_wah i only poop pissit with purpose direction idmakeareallygoodpolitician supertuesdayrt huffingtonpost hold a mirror up to a lion and this is what happens if only santorum were a rich man rt j3vol you can take that to the bank obama war hypocrite bringthemhome ronpaul ilprimary famouslies praying angel gods watch over election so no hanky panky with vote occurs and 4 romney santorum 2 get zip delegate supertuesdayrsvp for the north georgia spring bridal affair on sunday march 11 2012 10am-2pm venue 2 remember by emailing info venue2remember.comohio state tennis star chase buchanan and blaz rolla sweep last 4 big ten player of week award buchanan getting the first and the last. joenbc jhopok no jeb is not a small govt conservative.anyone for amnesty or changing the law for illegals is for big govt program . paulbonner83 also it supertuesday in the state man.. a-level flashback rualivewhat i love most about going to vermont besides all the glutenfree goody only one train in and one train out no decision necessary the next one in the alaska men collection rt sofieinkpen liberals attacking ann romney clearly haven t watched the entire interview or noted her biblical allusion. defendann h ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  mittromney is on message hitting his best stride while the others are whining falling back let s go ohio buckeyes4mitt gotv ohgop icebergslim1047 how can romney ever take back the fact he said he would repeal the dream act the guy is nuts. he s getting lt 20 hisp votert thedemocrats new poll show romney s image is currently worse than recent candidate who went on to win a presidential nomination. ..rt chuba10 picked for u17 euro qualifier in georgia got spain ukraine and georgia big game buzzin thanks everyone rt klsouth newt gingrich ha a message for you -- gt gt withnewt tn tnprimary ok okprimary teapartysuper tuesday gingrich say rival won t bring fundamental change newsnotnewsabout to go vote supertuesday steezonamilli punk rock - spoiled americans out of virginia beach va - add your signature to virginia hate page virginiart time even if you hated it you should care that fox canceled terra nova. here s why via timeculture it wa a pleasure voting for ronpaul today even on the black box fraud machines.rt newshour how ohio is shaping the republican race supertuesdayi ve uploaded new photo on flickr from the georgia organics conf. and fvsu farm home conf. rt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread mediapost publications massachusetts considers shield law for journalist bloggers 03 06 2012  alecbaldwin if he go who will be the voice for dumb bigot everywhere oh god i m so stupid. duh santorum coulter gingrich et al.tallest in southeast. georgia atlanta skyscraper bank bankofamerica mitt romney is a robot.real time usa earthquake detail magnitude 2.0 southern alaska ann romney is talking awkwardly about money now too - yahoo news via yahoonewsromney santorum and gingrich are so frightened of being labeled insufficiently conservative in this context .. super_tuesday 200th follow - nytimes the caucus thecaucus awyeah supertuesday whyamisolame super_tuesday rt zoocritter santorum single moms are breeding more criminals via motherjonesthroughout the rest of the all-mac selection benson wa the only player coach rewarded. 8 ohio face 5 cmu wednesday at noon at the q.all the way rt jimantle if i m newt i m happy with a win in ga strong show in tn 2nd in ok. but where do i go from there rt ezraklein young woman who had access to the pill in the 60 earned 8 percent more at age 50 than those who didn t i m at parents home ohio east liverpool dewine santorum doesn t have to win ohio rt huffingtonpost yet another couple tie the knot at white castle ap voter voices virginia voters have but 2 choices in virginia ballot rule and deadline mean only t..  clairecmc shout out to the senator who is fighting the good fight waronwomen boycottrush we need her voice rt wsj it s super tuesday and some 437 delegate are at stake. see our live streaming coverage all day rt thehill dem lawmaker repcohen to protest rush limbaugh by not buying clear channel ad rushlimbaughrt markknoller it s 5 month to the day since pres obama s last formal solo white house news conference.newt gingrich s super tuesday eve appearance on hannity can you guess where georgia rank among the best and worst state for business rt daveweigel mormon rubio romney s 2009 op-ed.. buzzfeed eating everybody else s lunch with like 1 5 the political reporting staffrt patriot_mac super tuesday fact critics said budget couldn t be balanced in 7 years. withnewt congress did it in 4. ..rt huffingtonpost demi lovato open up about new eating disorder documentary been hanging about outside a polling precinct in buckhead atlanta suburb . gingrich not a popular a i expected do i hear 25 thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.sweet rt metropreneur - new law expected to help ohio s microdistilleries rt thinkprogress rushwmalads got it. can you email u a you get confirmation jlegum amprog.orgrt dacw10 santorum only cand. 2 address aipac if iran doesn t get rid of nuclear facilities we ll tear them down ourselves ..rt countrockula i want to give prop to the actor who play the rick santorum character. dude you re amazing.rt espndari much better case than northwestern. texas doe too soccerboy15cs espndari if not northwestern what do u think about ..rt ricksantorum if you give me opportunity i will fight for you. wsj called my plan supply-side economics for working man ..rt dancemomchristi yes virginia i will be tweeting live tonight. east coast time. dancemomsrt dailykos animation rush v woman actual audio with 10 primary today supertuesday coverage may get hectic so we ve conveniently put all of ours in 1 spot for you rt markknoller happy 100th birthday to the oreo cookie. first sold on this day in 1912 to a grocer in hoboken nj.rt liteworkr it s super tuesday..tell everyone to get out vote 4 ron paul rt jonshirek 11alive news photog bruce mason s msg from site of santorum s super tue night party in gwinnett co. think i m early. h ..vote newt..solutions not rhetoric. 250gaseventingnation rider profile katie from idaho if you d like to submit an eventing profile follow this link f.. rt cnnlive wolf blitzer moderate a special supertuesday cnn election roundtable with cnn s political team. live  thinkprogress this shouldn t just go away plenty of people have been fired for le let s get him off the air  realdonaldtrump squawkcnbc mittromney romney is a rino donald he not tough enough for yours or myliking i think it s been the worst campaign i ve ever seen in my life. barbara bush on the 2012 primary supertuesday joenbc if you ever ran you would get my vote great segment this am on game change chicago cast huge tourism shadow on illinois it s where the mississippi and the ohio river meet and it s alw.. the naic strikes back fio unconstitutional at the naic s spring meeting in new orleans oklahoma insurance c.. state official say more va farmer sale wholesale utsandiegocom state official in virginia say sale at who..  paulbegala i think alex c would make a wonderful candidate in his own right and putting him on the ticket would add some needed pizazz  thefix fixrachel every time i ve slept with the tv on i woke up strangely angry at santorum and hankering for a couple of new caddies.can you vote at the tulsa county board of elections today supertuesdayromney eye crown a us vote on super tuesday rt catholiclisa linked ricksantorum oh how i love thee .. let me count the ways 1 2 3 .. 15 wepickrick s ..mt theplumlinegs no one begrudges romney his wealth. it s his pro-rich policy that are the problem. via underdoglib blogdivaobgyn in virginia ob gyn needed for employed position near richmondsouthside regional medical center 300 bed .. sights sound and observation from the poll in lexington at the start of supertuesday and annual town elections rt shortwave8669 newt destroys occupy wall street ows withnewtrt cnn rt cnnpolitics join wolfblitzercnn and cnnpolitics team supertuesday noon for first-ever cnn election roundtable video.. joenbc .. a are all of your viewer very lucky .  johngallant1 is the sweater vest a secret endorsement of santorum looking for something to do in saxis virginia check out this great new mobile app rt trendsdetroit ron paul ronpaul is now trending in detroit ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy via thinkprogressfacts and mitt both go their separate way rapidly.. rt alexqgb the romney family misspells it own name in the world s most epic freudian slip. romney receives money from bain capital. bain owns clear channel. clear channel owns rush limbaugh. odd bedfellow voters say economic issue are very fresh in their mind today. bunewsservice campaign2012bunews supertuesdayrt markknoller gas price the economy the campaign are other likely issue to be raised by reporter during the 45 minute q a sess .. nowfollowing w a shoutout on supertuesday ryannheathcotee jkcruz12rt love_charirenee i dont want to live in ohio for the rest of my life.rt jenfidel i m praying for ricksantorum to win big today he s the right man with the right stuff god bless him his family. sant ..editorial cartoon mitt romney s problem. stribpol gopsantorum us needs to do more than talk on iran blogged keel-billed toucan at the tennessee aquarium tank - monte a keel-billed toucan is one of th.. rt daveweigel can you get to a landline shitradioproducersayrt nytimes critic s notebook kindle singles genre between magazine articles and books i know i posted this yesterday but in case any of you lovely lot missed it it s supertuesday let gotv for mittromney and rack up those delegate gomitt mitt2012 win ronpaul brings hope to our government rt thefix the only gop candidate with a net favorable rating among independent ron paul that s who. yay futuretemple rt tpequality massachusetts dems urge brown to come out for marriage equality - lgbtredistricting force ohio democrats into primary fight rt msn700wlw ricksantorum you have my vote supertuesdaytickets on sale for oklahoma tickets for children s theatre of winnetka production of oklahoma go on sale to.. now we know why newt didn t want them serving in the trenches. rt gottalaff women vet want limbaugh off of afn tpc usofsolo please get out to vote. obama is on the ticket democratic presidential primary he still ha to qualify in georgia..rtrt wkir100 nowfollowing w a shoutout on supertuesday ryannheathcotee jkcruz12 supertuesday at beacon mean two super new books. white bread and jumped in the daily what mitt romney s wife doesn t consider herself wealthy. yeah. okay. are you wondering what is on the primary ballot in ohio click on the link below to read about some of the.. rt cranialdecay peterhambycnn any talk from mitt romney about suspending his employee rush limbaugh after the remark he made bai ..massachusetts defines high-needs children rt tim_maysports ohio state tennis star chase buchanan and blaz rolla sweep last 4 big ten player of week award buchanan getting th ..the oklahoma board of edu is outlining the control of online class for school district in the state all form of authoritarianism only exist at the expense of liberty ronpaul supertuesday goprt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt bijanhosseini happy super tuesday voteronpaul ronpaul2012rt thomasmogs burns sloo like blunts with ya-yo peel more skin than idaho potatort wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. oh please 250m isn t weathy - stfu-- gt ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy the raw story via addthisrt johnkingcnn smart take on us-israel-iran tension from fareedzakaria visit johnkingusa rt huffpostmedia rt ap breaking law enforcement official say top member of hacking collective lulzsec have been arrested.meth lab at a nursing home what what romney eye crown a us vote on super tuesday romney s china policy strategic questions still unanswered - carnegie endowment for international peace rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..in case you were wondering what the timber operating plan wa for the alaska lumber and pulp comany wa 1981-1986 it wa to sell more lumbergo into the light newt.. rt tidetex it s super tuesday or a it s also known newt s final dance.gingrich promises to move american embassy to jerusalem on day 1 rt theharryshearer newt i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. humble to be bold. humbleboldvote for newt gingrich supertuesday 250gas newtcleveland ohio this weekenddrt ronpaulsvoice no matter how unsuccessful our entanglement become our leader rarely question the wisdom of trying to police the w ..gingrich to obama deliver red line ultimatum to iran rt washingtonpost what if supertuesday wa more like marchmadness rt huffingtonpost demi lovato open up about new eating disorder documentary attorneys in norfolk lawrence k. land p.c. virginia chinese drywall lawyer richard j. serpe rutter mills l.. do you know a recent poll show that ron paul doe best beating president obama ronpaul happy super tuesday sorry guy just voted paul in va. mitt will only get me to vote for him one time.might be checking out stephen hill. rt ajcfalcons chicago head coach lovie smith is at georgia tech s pro day. us rep. duncan say new honor for bearden high burnish east tennessee s science achievement the republic  health the new old age blog now tables for almost everyone a retirement community in virginia revers.. newsrt thinkprogress breaking five more company pull ad from rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 20 advertiser overall. ..romney eye crown a us vote on super tuesday bob evans for breakfast. my oklahoma follwers don t know nothin bout that bob evans. yessir son_of_apatriot what s one of the worst city n ohio that u cn thnk of rt huffingtonpost demi lovato open up about new eating disorder documentary bill to legalize marijuana in massachusetts get hearing on beacon hill the cannabis regulation and taxation .. rt auriandra dkos ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran about those gas price ..it s march and i don t live in alaska anymore so why is there snow on the ground rt huffpostpol vermont quietly waging it own war against citizens united bring our troops home now vote ronpaul gop2012 teaparty christian s tcot tlot sot supertuesday norml mmot putin ohprimaryrt lynnegreene rt amatravelkm today i am wondering..where u r going on your next trip for me..oklahoma and texas..your turn i ..news medium will be all over vote tally tonight but ever wonder how real-time result come in so fast supertuesday theplumlinegs thinkprogress omg the comment there are unbelievable.. realdonaldtrump barackobama that s why i voted for romney today.rt rochellesevier mitt romney s corporate ties to limbaugh thinkprogress clearchannel bain stoprushlimbaughwait a second.. where do i go to school again could have sworn it wa in ohio.. dc rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt nydailynews got a question about supertuesday tweet u - we ll submit them to our reporter for you askareporterrt jessicaland alas this sort of idiocy isn t limited to tennessee or even to the u.s. rt brainpop happy super tuesday teach kid about the process with our featured movie primaries caucuses. sup ..the political wrap-up from snl the romney interview and a killer carville via latinorebelscome on mitt romney you beast rt knowyourobama prepare yourselves romney s likely to win every state except ok ga the show will essentially be over.i enjoy walking in overcast weather. the cool air felt nice a i walked to vermont sunset station.rt repdoherty if you re reading this from ak ga id ma nd oh ok tn vt or va you should be voting for mittromney today super ..not sure if today is romney super tuesday but it definitely is romley super tuesday xeon thanks stu amazing city of giants found off georgia coast.. game day we play tennessee-martin at 6 30pm tonight  grahamdavida mckaycoppins my strategy is similar but the descent is faster.gop hoping for romney super tuesday win in mass.  mzhemingway didn t realize. you had so many good thing to say about santorum. that i didn t. good on ya. i suspect he ll lose. outonalimb26min of newtgingrich newt2012hq addressing the nra. standing ovation vote newt tcfn tcot tlot ocra rushlimbaugh f cked-up. he used the name of a private citizen in slanderous tirade. fire him clearchannel mittromney thehill rush limbaugh didn t say nothing about the horing slut that everybody else didn t said.romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director does the easter bunny have a place in classroom rt washingtonpost report forget the ipad 3 it s the ipad hd i do wish mitt would wrap it up already. that way maybe santorum would just go away and my eye would stop rolling back in my head.code pink founder praise ron paul on his remarkable foreign policy feels good personally waking up with just a many ring a every pro team in oklahoma ha zero dallasleaving west virginia i ll be back in the fall others on team marquette s jae crowder and darius johnson-odom msu s draymond green ohio state s jared sullinger and william buford ..rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..rt dailykos ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran nj s gov meet protest in massachusetts.. rt theteapartytrap north dakota gop aiming for mistake-free caucus in national spotlight teapartyrt averagevoter i m so tired of havin to vote for lesser of two evils. like i had to vote for mccain dole bush come on rnc get ove ..meth lab fire in ohio nursing home patient s room kill one an ohio fire chief say a drug lab in the room of a..  sevenlayercake have patience educate and persevere. tell them who really stand for peace in the world. ronpaul georgiasalpa you are definitely in my top50 girl named georgia from irelandreppin black and red today for mkell11 and georgia baseballrt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt juliesquires super tuesday. what a privilege to vote today in georgia.rt rushtwoifbytea rush and the team at twoifbytea greatly appreciate all of your support. please stay tuned for a twitter exclusive ..rt liteworkr donate 2 ron paul please support ron paul by phone support share the n ..rt johnavlon women have been in gradual decline on many right-wing radio station so rush s gaffe compound the problem. ..voted 2day ohiort robertmooreitv watching super tuesday in virginia is to see why president obama will win in november. major excitement deficit for ... chassisk where he is will be battleground between santorum and romney theharryshearer newt s pic tell it all. see it in this morning s post rt chrisbrownzone chris brown posing with fan at urban outfitters in virginia yesterday rt rt time is immaturity becoming a medical condition via timehealthland  nowwithalex chucktodd mittromney chuck you ve got that right six romney family members hit campaign trail for ron paul rt thefix alex trebek trying to pronounce dr. tobias funke is a recipe for hilarity. rt conservative_vw mitt romney wa once registered a a democrat here is a copy of willard s registration card ..rt imsure rt whinenot newt the only hope we have 2beat obama is 2have better idea 2communicate clearly 2br8k thru his billion-d ..rt talexberes i guess i m old school but i always enjoy voting on election day. voting a a free man feel good. supertuesdayrt gulagbound mt katyinindy breaking mitt caught lying about individual mandate romneyslayer videos tcot te .. ronpaul will seek out legitimate threat not spy on innocent americans through unconstitutional power grab like patriot act supertuesdaymassachusetts finest pulled me over too. this day suckvoting today in the gop potus primary in massachusetts wa alot like winter in siberia gloomy depressing..and lonely. fbcheckout lauren nichols on reverbnation - makes me proud to be from oklahoma go girl father s right advocate dealt a blow in virginia rt colinwalkertr go out and vote for ronpaul rt bretbaier tonight on our specialreport supertuesday panel we have kimsfirst stephenfhayes andreatantaros and thejuanwilliams newtgingrich bro your name newtrt henrybarbour thefix romney is consolidating the folk who want to defeat obama in november retain our majority in the house and t ..stanislawski after five year the amount will be nearly 36 million dollar to help critical bridge in oklahomart thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  supertuesday watch time to tell the truth socialized teacher unions socialize students. religiousfreedom war rushat poll in west roxbury hyde park support for romney kay wa among the people interviewed at several west ro.. rt rt_4_rp rt ronpaulfridays rt ronpaulcom ron paul 2012 ga win may not be enough.. rt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director ..rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..rt theyoungturks courage is what it take to stand up and speak courage is also what it take to sit down and listen. winston chu .. tiesto for you re college invasion tour please come to west virginia university were one of the top party school in the usrt brianaguilar super excited to see wsj stream up and running. get your supertuesday fill here freedom university undocumented college students in georgia forced to attend underground school immigrationrt dwightgingrich ricksantorum the who can t even get fully qualified on the ballot in 5 state say he is strongest candidate . s .. tolbertreport never know.. geographically alaska is the largest st sen primary in the world today. craziness could happen.rick santorum backers accuse mitt romney of advancing gay marriage by on top magazine staff surrogates of rick .. mitt romney lt 3 the keystone xl pipeline romney mitt romney arrested for gambling on cock fighting in 1967 how can any one even think romney is a 2 face lier usalets hope ronpaul can pull off some victory today supertuesday revolutionrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt josh_painter jc watts oklahoma ad vote for newt march 6 conservatives with newt tcot teaparty newt2012 ..funeral today for demetrius hewlin ohio school shooting victim by plain dealer staff gus chan the plain deale.. rt usatoday happy 100th birthday oreo. celebrating centennial all year long registered democrat seeking a republican or independent to vote for ron paul today for me  alec bradley events this week 2 6 5 pm - 8 pm emerson s cigars - virginia beach va 2 7 5 pm - 9.. rt gma supertuesday the 10-state voting extravaganza this is what the gingrich primary nite ballroom look like now. rt azureblade7v2 ronpaul brings hope to our government rt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. well its a offical i m supporting newt..i just voted in the ga. primary..im doing a livestream on saturday with colferliciouss so you can see me and georgia lol hi rebeccalgold super tuesday is the mardi gras of the primary show me your tit santorum they re shaped like cobrart alicetweet westerville oh- ricksantorum it s one thing for rommey to be for individual mandate - another thing to not tell the .. snowcones totally forgot about alaska call me today if you get a chance..ron paul eye nd.. forgot to request absentee ballot so i won t be voting in georgia s primary today. looks like moonbase newt will win anyway. goronpaulrt moses_the_injun don t forget to vote today ronpaul2012happy that the new draftmag feature a piece on the brew ridge trail. virginia brew amazing beer. def. worth picking up.remember virginia vote for the flip flopper. it s important.today is a huge day for all gop candidate yet mittromney ronpaul haven t tweeted to voter since yesterday. interesting supertuesdayrt dredpiraterob do people realize that mitten romney s old company bain capital owns the rush limbag radio show..rt margoandhow rt pollbuster ann romney not only am i not wealthy my husband is unemployed. good ann. now we know neither of yo ..rt adamgabbatt been hanging about outside a polling precinct in buckhead atlanta suburb . gingrich not a popular a i expected .. washpost loudon co turnout is very poor..we ve barely hit one percent. north virginia usually a swing area remember doug wilder 1989the apprentice mt jimantle if i m newt i m happy w a win in ga strong showing in tn and 2d place in ok. but where s he go from there you and mitt are having sex w each other aren t you rt realdonaldtrump my squawkcnbc interview discussing why mittromney is great..rt realdonaldtrump my squawkcnbc interview discussing why mittromney is a great nominee gas price and why george will is a loser. ..rt shortwave8669 newt destroys occupy wall street ows withnewtrt foxnews gop race hit super tuesday with presidential nomination still up for grab supertuesdayrt ronpaulsvoice all form of authoritarianism only exist at the expense of liberty ronpaul supertuesday goprt senatorsanders video sen. sanders on cnbc explaining how the cftc is refusing to regulate excessive oil speculation .. realdonaldtrump squawkcnbc mittromney george will is a respected conservative thinker. you are none of those three things.low turnout in middle georgia.rt iamaledelgado wonder how much crossover there ll be between puffpuffpasstuesdays and supertuesdayayo..rt s_soulstice true life i went to high school in virginia ._. rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..rt ariannahuff how the sleep deficit is damaging america s long-term health sleepweek it s a beautiful day in fargo north dakota sprinsacomin shortsweather it s gut check time .. going to vote for ronpaul today.posts from red state virginia - conservatism across virginia for 03 06 2012 - rt thehill dem lawmaker repcohen to protest rush limbaugh by not buying clear channel ad rushlimbaughrt j_swole applying for east georgia today gasq4 thereal_lukecrt huffingtonpost should word like tranny and faggot ever be used rt nydailynews got a question about supertuesday tweet u - we ll submit them to our reporter for you askareportermy favorite part of supertuesday probably all the hot sluts. mwforhr robertson really is. so embarrassing to have him in virginia. freako.share this vision with friend rick santorum s message for america - sunny day in georgia..good day to vote..rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gas clintgannon deejgregory newtanman ohio is not a southern state.i gave matthewgballard k about west virginia on klout. what are you influential about  923thefan the reason no other ohio school can approach osu is because almost all of those alumnus would rather support osu over kent akronrt huffingtonpost man replaces pot habit with yoga class in aspen jail onlyincolorado 5 observation from the new level athletics elite 7v7 in georgia ohio baseball home opener at bob wren today vs. west virginia state. 1 of 4 game this week in athens with oakland s weekend 3-gamer.gee this day it keep getting better. giving the reason i m in toledo ohio happygirlrt madjen34 supertuesday switch newtgingrich co-chairman stacey campfield now back ricksantorum rt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director ..newt is brilliantly adaptive 1994 conservative 2007 socialist 2012 solutions he can say what u want 2 hear. ohprimarywho said it mitt romney or mr. burns from the simpsons picture via huffingtonpostrt washingtonpost these golfer want the right to drink earlier - at 6 30 a.m. idaho gop caucus are tonight. i ll have live result from nez perce county after 7 p.m. check lewistontribune for regionwide results.ron paul eye nd.. rt richgowran ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran romney gop look weak ahead of super tuesday  markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director  joenbc good gig indeed. too bad you re a liverpool fan. go gunner dforbes newt ha the best plan for job and economic growth of any candidate in the field. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  rolandsmartin betnews shakes head..rt purplethehouse kathy say this evening march 5th the mayor of elyria ohio proclaimed march 26 2012 purple day .. .. weather clarksburg west virginia weather 37f mostly cloudy clarksburg wv aerospaceca we just help set up an exibit at the public library in athens ohio rt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread  comfortablysmug coffee refill internet plugrt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..looking forward to our presidential candidate forum in mobile thursday evening with rick santorum. who plan on attending  ronpaul far from defeating the enemy our current policy provide incentive for more to take up arm against us. supertuesdayrt ezraklein young woman who had access to the pill in the 60 earned 8 percent more at age 50 than those who didn t i m at au reeves field 4400 massachusetts ave nw american university washington rt patriot_mac mitt s no jobs left behind act 1of5 business failed within 8 yr of romney-led restructure. ..so wait va primary choice really are paul and romney and you can t write in rt dscc 275 00 signature 25 00 likes 3 600 tweets 20 advertiser and counting rush misogyny theputzer lcranston1939 not you cranston1939 santorum is an asshole kruzinwithmag nope i m reading looking for alaska now the book you can borrow is the one he did with another authorthepage proctectee no. 4 gingrich to become the fourth 12er this cycle to receive secret service protection.  daveweigel mckaycoppins well you have a head start.help u end lra violence. visit to find out why and how. mittromney join u for kony2012rt ofa_da obama2012slogans if you hate obama you may die early through your own fault. truthteam2012 get the facts. fight the sme ..draws big crowd in idaho.. rt thinkprogress fact ann romney wa asked whether she wa oblivious given your wealth to the everyday concern of average folk h ..rt mariamerklin read romney s attack bomb driving ppl to vote democrat yeah it s like that mittwit facepalmrick santorum obama turned his back on israel i uploaded a youtube video electronic depot inc of georgia presents the br250 video borgood luck rick santorum on super tuesday we need a conservative not someone who is middle of the road romney romney on workplace equality i don t see the need for new or special legislation mittnmatch via hrcrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. 2.0 earthquake southern alaska. mar 6 17 06 at gmt depth 13.30 km santorum doesn t accept the evolution theory. supertuesdayrt polarbears blog post from alaska finding polar bear den under the snow  ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. ive set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are religious fanaticboth newtgingrich ronpaul promise to stay in the race if supertuesday turn out not so super for them. why yawn noclue menolikeyrt klsouth the gop establishment is scared to death of newt and will fight hard to maintain status quo. newt is with the people wit ..ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy  polo_dreal university of tennessee wa undrafted and signed to the texan practice squad..when he got his chance he went off huffingtonpost in the womb  rosie great for a great super tues laugh google mitt vs. mr. burns who said it . mitt- the best gift to the democrats since sliced bread lakshmi challa will be honored by virginia lawyer media this may at the 2012 influential women of virginia.. plans for today gym laundry and supertuesday yeah i m a geek. sue me fca fbrt usrealitycheck ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran mitt romney illustrates his for.. ..rick santorum on his pro-labor votes in congress i ll have a very different point of view as president zzsantorumi gave romanstauffer k about west virginia on klout was reading a book today in english and it said ohio i fangirled..today is..town meeting day in vermont..rick santorum obama turned his back on israel rt govchristie dems have stopped talking tax increase joined call for relief we ve turned trenton upside down ..a 24 yr old chick from west virginia just replied to a 27 yr old guy in california looks like they re getting along too big a wuss to call lie lies. rt bethanyshondark romney slam obama s six exaggeration at aipac this is why i hate ohio it snow one minute and then the next it s 50 degree rt ofa_fl donate a tweet spread our message in florida cnnvideo cnn s john king look ahead at what supertuesday might hold for the gop presidential candidates. video rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt twitlertwit romney gave up all credibility to discus economy by hiding million in offshore accts not investing in the usa. sup .. supertuesday oil job pay well stimulate the econ create other job reduce price r a ntl security must tn al ga ok oh 250gasevertime a republican vote for romney..they take obamacare off the table in the fall yaygo dr ron paul supertuesdayrt satirclalx . ricksantorum who are you calling a criminal me my college student daughter or the republican lobbyist lawyer who ab .. washingtonpost nopert yowan legitimate use of violence can only be that which requires self-defense. ronpaul ronpaul2012 gop2012 gop war iran supe ..in ohio rick santorum say it s gut-check time the ticket - yahoo news via yahoonewsrt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director ..i hope that santorum doesn t win anything today. such a dumbassrt timobrien romney blames obama for poverty in america via huffingtonpostno delay near that crash at robie massachusetts. but still slow southbnd on robie at north again at quinpool. via news957 rt rockyanderson 700 00 americans go bankrupt each year because of medical bills. america deserves better. join our supertuesday m ..i m from memphis tennessee 38118 . raised in north memphis m. h. v. anything else . geesh stop the dm s.rt mostrolenk ndaa is the virginia house trying to stifle hb 1160 campaign for liberty  lilmsunshne mittromney cspanvl google this - it s on cspan aipac mitt romney cspan that s how i found it.rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers just voted in bradner ohio. voted at the firehall. on the sign outside there wa no mention of voting today but.. in honor of supertuesday all the reason you should vote republican in 2012 h t grahamdavida supertuesday. there aint nothing super by picking republicans.google what santorum mean and tell me you want him to be our president.rt lifeis2art kquark isn t it true. the romney s should lead on the planet romulon--they are so removed from our thought process our ..rt lepinkskittle virginia. the only place where you qet all four season in one week . jordanraynor engagesxsw following live-tweets can be valuable. but the proxybot live stream will place you there. george carlin - on voting via youtube supertuesday vote nwopancake pantry. sorry oklahoma. i vouched for jasonkeeling by giving them a k about west virginia on klout wahoo susanpage on the potuspresspool - tennesee ohio are the state to watch today decision2012 tngop monkeyandthebug vermont had one decent local kid store but the clothes were too ugly. way too ugly. jonathanhunt maryann is wrong abc new poll favorable of mitt is 67 rt riveragasm im doing a livestream on saturday with colferliciouss so you can see me and georgia lol hilady buff softball vs. oklahoma city university at 2 pm today at lady buff yard after last week shouldn t this be a no-no rt jstrevino apparently the romney campaign is sharing it email list with joe arpaio s pac.i want to be in georgia i m at planned parenthood of northeast ohio 7997 euclid ave cleveland  cnneditorchuck here s some super tuesday trivia..what is the only state in the union to not allow billboard vermont  flfusionista ron paul the most conservative of the bunch . poor boy is delusional.rt ariannahuff who said it mitt romney or mr. burns wait my midterm is on the middle east i ve been studying the midwest for month well.. at least i m an expert on ohio at 5.35pm on bbcradiokent radiodominic will be chatting to reporter philiprucker of the washington post live in ohio about super tuesday psprinkle is this the second best sprinkle to ever come from elyria ohio rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt zizzyphus ohio man dies after meth lab fire at nursing home rt time is immaturity becoming a medical condition via timehealthland rt _xsusan rick santorum s face made out of gay porn. arkansas state stuns middle tennessee nashvillert morningmika enjoying this financialtimes on female entrepreneurship 10kwomen supertuesday challenge. if the 4 republican candidate were trapped in a fire and you could save just one of them.. please don t.rt energyindepth rt eidohio new poll from public opinion strategies show 73 of ohio voter favor more oil and natgas development ..rt treehugger mitt romney lt 3 the keystone xl pipeline romneyrt huffpostpol it s super tuesday and rick santorum ha some work to do bad credit car west virginia bad credit car loans time to have a personal car west virginia bad credit ca.. ann romney is talking awkwardly about money now too - yahoo news via yahoonewsit s supertuesday go vote rt governorperry makeabetteramerica newt s american energy plan to cut gas price to 2.50 by more us production and replacing epa. ..rt bust_a_capps if you don t vote mike scott you hate america. supertuesdayrt ewerickson low turnout in middle georgia.rt drudge_report ron paul eye nd.. rt huffingtonpost should word like tranny and faggot ever be used secret meth lab sparked fatal fire at ohio nursing home  therealroseanne barackobama newtgingrich mittromney billmaher mmflint my dad is a small family biz owner this make huge difference rt ewerickson low turnout in middle georgia.it s super tuesday ron paul supporter come out come out wherever you are revolution ronpaul gopi voted for captain ass juice ricksantorum he get loose to barackobama very easily.rt keithrivals 5 observation from the new level athletics elite 7v7 in georgia bill to legalize marijuana in massachusetts get hearing on beacon hill marijuana is a mind-altering drug that.. better position on super tuesday for ricksantorum rick santorum gain more follower than mittromney via readypulsemitt n match romney s jarring inconsistencies on lgbt equality via hrcrt colsunderground sweet rt metropreneur - new law expected to help ohio s microdistilleries  time is immaturity becoming a medical condition via timehealthland rt lynchosu why are republican voter in ohio having such a hard time today casting their vote supertuesday oh ..rt ricksantorum if you give me opportunity i will fight for you. wsj called my plan supply-side economics for working man ..rt patriot_mac withnewt the right to bear arm is designed to safeguard freedom. nra memphis nashville knoxville chatanooga ..we are seeing the fabric of this country fall apart and it s falling apart because of single moms. rick santorum rt wsj unfriending is increasing on facebook. fb friendship break-ups leapt from 56 in 2009 to 63 in 2011. super tuesday gingrich say rival won t bring fundamental change newt gingrich launched his day of super tu.. rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeech huffingtonpost i knew the art could move me.. as a child.. drawing my first drawing..derrick nix s improvement ha been the most amazing part of michigan state s season in sunday s loss to ohio st..  vahouse honor virginia national guard today with center aisle presentation and hj 396  kadilactrading -- northern idaho new job listing sr. underwriter - georgia bank at rbc wealth management raleigh nc jobrt time photos sled dog vs. 1049 miles. it s the iditarod rt ariannahuff how the sleep deficit is damaging america s long-term health sleepweek she ain t ever heard of the university of central oklahoma. smh.why michigan and arizona got it right romney announces georgia state finance leadership team more at my alaska prediction romney paul santorum gingrichrt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt laurabraden wahoo susanpage on the potuspresspool - tennesee ohio are the state to watch today decision2012 tngoprt thefix the only gop candidate with a net favorable rating among independent ron paul that s who. john boehner news in rural ohio precinct grudging acceptance of mitt romney rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gas clairecmc i always said john mccain wa my favorite repub..if there is such a thing . thanks for all your work re healthcare bc ins great article on santorum jfk firstammendment no matter what ur view on rs bill to legalize marijuana in massachusetts get hearing on beacon hill marijuana is a mind-altering drug that.. rick santorum s virginia church and opus dei the new republic via addthis thomaspaine thomasjeffersonrt ronpaulcom a few good reason not to vote for ron paul.. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  supertuesday in indian democracy after a dramatic change in election result and a big blow to congress . it showed real power of common manrt nicholsuprising thetford vermont vote 147-3 for move to amend constitution to overturn citizensunited. htt .. teamcavuto noticed how caring mitt is toward ann holding her so she doesn t trip up the stair stage i have m know about foot droprt thewritertype supertuesday challenge. if the 4 republican candidate were trapped in a fire and you could save just one of them.. ..rt catholiclisa ricksantorum eventswhy my street n who. rt jackboybwiggity i beat tf outta oomfs brother in the middle of virginia park lolbill to legalize marijuana in massachusetts get hearing on beacon hill marijuana is a mind-altering drug that.. rt washingtonpost report forget the ipad 3 it s the ipad hd  newt2012hq you have my support a you are the only gop candidate who know what need to be done and how to get it done. vote newt.happy super tuesday and the winner is.. obama 12 ricksantorumohio primary today..i think my only option is to write-in auggieanderson justsayinsweater vest ftw ricksantorum vote gop ohio ohiostateit s between jersey virginia georgia and floridart thedemocrats new poll show romney s image is currently worse than recent candidate who went on to win a presidential nomination. .. keadycoachingtree coachingsearch video cuonzo martin s awesome 1-minute speech to tennessee fans. super tuesday 2012 rick santorum teeters on campaign precipice in ohio via huffingtonpostrt jonathanhuntfnc supertuesday the brilliant brithume kimsfirst will be onthehunt foxnewslive today at 1230 et. what he thin ..earth wind fire to arrive shortly rt peterkingcbs this is what the gingrich primary nite ballroom look like now. my 4 thing to watch for on supertuesday in idaho 1. confusion at the caucus. 2. turn out 3. wx s affect on turn out 4. an upset win.check out craig s column on ricksantorum on the front page of today s txsenrt elvincan2 check out newtgingrich s new op-ed cnbc outlining his plan to balancebudget teaparty supertues ..santorum single moms are breeding more criminals rt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director ..rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers vermont allowing 17-year-olds to vote in primary via banner_news rick santorum s daughter say daddy i m so in pain with ovarian cyst he say to her put an aspirin between your leg mitty is just not a sound foreign policy thinker rt lolgop mitt romney i won t light my hair on fire to be elected. but iran s hair..remember to vote today if you re not sure of your polling place visit the oklahoma state election board website here michigan to face west virginia at barclays center michigan will face west virginia next season a part of the b..  thefix he s great on economics but i don t care for the ignorance of his foreign policy..rt motherjones santorum single moms are breeding more criminals even though barackobama wa running unopposed in the ohio primary i wa happy to be able to vote for him again.one more chance. obama2012rt time lulzsec s leader sabu secretly helped the fbi arrest some of the group s other member today via tech ..rt time obama say he ll take military action to prevent iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon rt washingtonpost report forget the ipad 3 it s the ipad hd rt wsj tech titan are funding effort to help undocumented youth attend college find job stay in the country. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  grahamdavida in caffeine addiction or in adipose rt two_dollarbill romney s strongly unfavorable rating is the highest in the field of candidate 26 supertuesday  washingtonpost yes. he sits in the 3rd row behind steven hines in miss cooper s class.visit site such a cosi in columbus ohio on your springvacation. see havesippy review cbiasnasa to use virginia site to launch five rocket in experiment visible along eastern seaboard rt carmelmelouney who said it iranian supreme leader ali khamenei or u.s. republican presidential candidate rick santorum rt dukedestefano rt alexnbcnews rt joylinfn sources say newt gingrich getting secret service wednesday. about ..just voted for rick santorum.rt mattklewis i d like to meet the person who wa supporting mitt romney but is now outraged to learn he supported the individual mandatert thinkprogress breaking five more company pull ad from rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 20 advertiser overall. ..chris brown posing with a female fan in virginia rt rt stephenathome you know that warm tingly feeling you get when your foot fall asleep that s how i feel about mitt.rt huffpostmedia joe scarborough hit mitt romney over new charge weird you can wear - alaska fibre festival - anchorage press i m reading romney s op-ed from 1992 advocating jerking off near play grounds. somanyopedsdiscoveredsounds like an episode of breaking bad.. ohio man dy after meth lab fire at nursing home rt shonna_tringali super tuesday mitt romney focus on economy while rival seek opening - washington post globe and mail super tu ..rt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director ..massachusetts - eib - the rush limbaugh show time to give limbaugh the bum s rush.. newtgingrich i hope you win big newt.respect to chucktodd but pundit have been making that argument about newtgingrich for month now he still hasn t quit. supertuesdayrt huffingtonpost amendment to ultrasound bill would require men to view graphic film on danger of viagra north dakota is ron paul s best chance for victory on supertuesday come to free budget meals class parma ohio saturday april 21 from 1 00 pm to 3 00 pm. rsvp required rt ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are. join me in t ..romney..potus idts..couldnt even stand up 2rush defend m fluke.. fraidycatrt radiofromhell take the test. was it romney or burns if you don t support ronpaul you should move to north korea.rt ronpaulnews will ron win idaho ronpaul lrptrt thehill dem lawmaker repcohen to protest rush limbaugh by not buying clear channel ad rushlimbaugh monicaperezshow being able to see the big picture is key you re in good company amongst an-caps who support ron paul see block rothbardgeorgia it is super tuesday get out and vote mc jamm..j-team 4 life daily kos ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran 65 now expect romney to be the republican nominee - rasmussen reports rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. the caucus romney says hope is not a foreign policy mitt romney criticized the obama administration s relati.. rt hrc mitt n match romney s jarring inconsistencies on lgbt equality rt stevedeaceshow little birdie chirping speculation thing are trending well for newtgingrich tonight but not a well for ricksan ..a 22 yr old chap from iowa just replied to a 18 yr old grrl in virginia looks like they re getting along mitt romney say he won t say outrageous thing about the president tcotrt lindsjaye today is the day i m gonna register to vote and i m voting for ronpaul also good luck to my bff nataliegarner on he ..rt nick_wright we re live from pigeon forge tennessee tonight from 6 with the 60 at 6 70 at 7 and you can hear about another.. ht ..top 5 vaprimary locality for ronpaul in 08 charlottesville williamsburg warren nelson petersburg. supertuesdayi uploaded a youtube video i vote for ron pauli gave sen_joemanchin k about west virginia on klout rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt theharryshearer newt i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. humble to be bold. humblebold iknowdamnwell i said miami improv.. if i said alaska improv guess where it s at bitch rt cnn michele bachmann responds to piersmorgan s gay marriage question - i m not here a anybody s judge rt huffingtonpost when wa the moment you knew the art could move you chuck norris trashes rick santorum zzsantorum tcot teaparty teapartyvssantorumrt seamless on this supertuesday it s time to make the most important decision of all.. what s for lunch happy supertuesday lol my flashlight mount is ba - airsoft ohio forums no time to run to the store not even for black zipties mu..  repronpaul today is your day. supertuesdayrt nytimes fivethirtyeight a guide to super tuesday scenarios idaho voter why we need newt 4all2c idprimary id gop rnc 250gasour forefather boldly proclaimed to the world that liberty wa their goal that the pursuit of individual freedom wa paramount ronpaulrt inside_lacrosse quint s top five virginia cornell johns hopkins notre dame and umass. more analysis thoughts rt jeffeisenberg if jae crowder tweeted video of himself dancing to country roads tonight the internet in west virginia might break.who said it mitt romney or mr. burn from the simpson idaho public schools budget to fund laptop program play mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrci used to live in michigan and now i live in ohio espn_colin and i will never like any ohio team and they re always on goblue beatohioi am calling on all republicans and patriot to unite behind rick santorum.rt catholiclisa ricksantorum events awg_ilyas ronpaul would do better sad thing is he wont win repubs nomination and w out a nomination hed never win the electioni usually keep politics to myself in honor of supertuesday ill let u in on my strategy..mr. t write in candidate. pity the fool sucka rt consnationradio ricksantorum change entitlement from dependency prgms to transitional prgms such a medicare food stamp housi ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  jacobkornbluh if schumer say it that s a great sign for romney mitt2012 supertuesday ohgop tcot gagop okgop tngop ndgop akgoprt joesixpacksays funny how mark levin champion the constitution but reject ron paul when he knows paul is correct tcotrt marcellachella ron paul vs. the fed reserve supertuesday ron paul wins williambanzai7if santorum is the gop candidate we really are fux n doomed. i d vote for f x ng roseanne barr if that s what happens. politicsrt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..georgia lawmakers approve measure banning illegal immigrants from colleges atlanta the georgia senate voted m.. this weather reminds me of west virginia sunny but cold af. beautiful thois 7.25 an hour a fair wage think mitt care rt ronpaulsvoice liberty allows for the individual to be creative productive or spiritual on one s own term encourages excellence ..mitt romney is a liar. proof he encouraged obama to adopt romneycare at the federal level. now he say he didn t. rt ariannahuff how the sleep deficit is damaging america s long-term health sleepweek rt _xsusan rick santorum s face made out of gay porn.  nprnews heard story about rushlimbaugh this am. failed to mention his attack totally mischaracterized testimony of ms. fluke. rush lie nasa to use virginia site to launch five rocket in experiment visible along united states eastern seaboard rt sierra_club rt tnleaf this make u happy. mtsu student save tennessee s mountains video endmtrintn ecoamid cheating allegation philly school district appoints integrity advisor phillyeducation 11 school and 2..ron paul interview with wspd s brian wilson mar 5 2012 ron paul video - ron paul flix  huffingtonpost keep filling my feed with their incessant tweeting can t unfollow though most of it s the dog sock firstworldproblems drudge_report breaking power-hungry rich sobs set to capture state on happy super tuesday. choose wisely vote haldane4presidentrt yosgof cnnvideo cnn s john king look ahead at what supertuesday might hold for the gop presidential candidates. video ..rt prmurphyinwa newt to receive secret service protection tcot wcot sgp tlot wagop teaparty rnc gop withnewt.. ..pants on fire rick santorum said obama said any child born prematurely can be killed via politifact abortiononly when talking about rick santorum. rt huffingtonpost should word like tranny and faggot ever be used rt immigrationtrap freedom university undocumented college students in georgia forced to attend underground school ..rt slabcinema next thursday celebrate year of jazz at main plaza with paul newman and sidney poitier music ron ..newt schools ron paul on founding fathers i don t think liberty mean.. withnewtso will romney pretty much wrap up the the gop nomination today voted gingrich today supertuesdayrt nprpolitics remembering new jersey s first black congressman  supertuesday there s only one way to make them smile buy them a bunch of flower on the way home rt bostondotcom mitt romney tell pro-israel group he would not hesitate to attack iran if president rt red_alert with 10 primary today supertuesday coverage may get hectic so we ve conveniently put all of ours in 1 spot for you h ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. it s kind of funny romney want to shift back to the economy but it s actually doing better where is the argument.rt thehill house panel vote to ax health law s cost-cutting board by sam_baker ipab medicare hcr ajenglish santorum gop the candidate r all privileged men who will never have 2 worry about paying for their health care or retirement allen west i m willing and ready to join gop ticket by jtsthehill allenwest gop tcotrt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt patriot_mac withnewt protecting right to bear arm is essential part of american exceptionalism memphis ..rt ironman1776 mittromney is on message hitting his best stride while the others are whining falling back let s go ohio buckey ..rt common_sense4u mitt romney drops the good-guy disguise - turns to smearing newt gingrich in desperation . teaparty tcot.. ..stop quoting 1937 hitler. rt ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of wh nooutlet well i went from dc to ohio to denver to cali. soo three connecting flight i hateed it. d damn. just one day overcast and 36 f at wheeling ohio county airport wv winds are south at 8.1 mph 7 kt . the pressure is 1033.5 mb and rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. i like pres obama a a human being. i like that he talked about change. but where is it buddyroemer supertuesday newtgingrich youre in fantasy land the only place where 2.50 gas exists. how do you plan on implementing this answerwithoutbashingobamart theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rt chipcoffey i may live in georgia but please don t hold me accountable for newt gingrich. just sayin .. - ccagw calls on georgia house to vote on hb 855 - sys-con media press release georgiart gthomse weve tried the hopey changey thing for 3 year now no progress. time to put a man in wh who ha actually held a job mitt2 ..colbert s countdown to loving mitt clock nears zero by sam schulz how much time is left to learn to love mitt romney only a day ..georgia legislative update - lexology registration georgiagingrich makes the case for a newt nomination via seanhannity he s convincing supernewtday supertuesday 250gasgingrich pin hope tuesday on big georgia win - wivb georgiart stevekelly02 wave conference bishopjakes konghee wayne_alcorn get ready get ready virginia beach in august is when she is the ..rt time is immaturity becoming a medical condition via timehealthland rt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director ..rt huffingtonpost survey americans think americans are the world s worst tourist rt realdonaldtrump my squawkcnbc interview discussing why mittromney is a great nominee gas price and why george will is a loser. ..if mitt clinch win on supertuesday can he develop some think faster on his foot skill in time left til the election super tuesday voting begin in u.s. state of ohio polls open in the u.s. battleground state of ohio on super t.. georgia get a commitment from tramel terry of south carolina. if this stick then it would likely break the streak of mr. footballs to uschelp u end lra violence. visit to find out why and how. mittromney join u for kony2012rasmussen - obama romney run near even when it comes to major issues- maybe cause they are the same president chief executive officer company southeast alaska power agency seapa location anchorage ak description the sou..  yohoesloppy i like down town georgia it really pretty there north carolinas kinda boring -.-rt consnationradio ricksantorum change entitlement from dependency prgms to transitional prgms such a medicare food stamp housi ..as if newt gingrich s ego wasn t already huge. now he ll never drop out orwin smith injury georgia tech without top running back for spring football - sb nation georgia daveweigel heh well can t speak to the adipose. but in year if nothing else rt benjibrown1 iknowdamnwell i said miami improv.. if i said alaska improv guess where it s at bitch tramel terry recommits to georgia - mrsec georgiart zpg410 santorum double down against women. blames single mom for destroying the country. womenvotedumbass gopfail gop p2rt huffingtonpost demi lovato open up about new eating disorder documentary rt robertmooreitv watching super tuesday in virginia is to see why president obama will win in november. major excitement deficit for ..georgia bigger better than groupon rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. .. umichbball michigan will play west virginia on december 15 2012 at the soon-to-be-opened barclays center in ny. bobgearing woort suntimes cold this morning but near 60 today in chicago enjoy the hint of spring folk rt renate romney s family misspell their name in the greatest freudian slip in history. what a robotic pile of doo doo he is. rt bostondotcom mitt romney tell pro-israel group he would not hesitate to attack iran if presidentrt sandyboynton the problem with leaving on that midnight train to georgia is you d end up in georgia sleepy and without a car. thoug ..rt mikejgr romney give shutout to dansenor and saulsinger praise startupnation  jimheathonn i defer to you on ohprimary matters. happy super tuesday  supertuesday..goinq home..lolplay mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrcrt huffingtonpost colbert call rush limbaugh a poster boy for contraception if you want your child to die in ww3 then santorum s your man supertuesdayrt huffingtonpost colbert call rush limbaugh a poster boy for contraception rt patriot_mac newtralize timid leadership withnewt fighting for a strong military strong america. join u .. jonathanhunt maryann is wrong abc new poll favorable of mitt is 67 rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..rt chrisachkar happy super tuesday and the winner is.. obama 12 ricksantorumi m at bank of north georgia 3106 hwy 278 covington cnn can t even get the song oklahoma right. wind come sweeping down the plain note don t quote song you don t know just4tom usa graduated high school in oklahoma. i m a country girl. i live in arkansas now tho.lying rino romney in 2007 wanted to grant amnesty to illegals. of course the romneybots will assure u he didn t 1st reading - hb4489 - strengthening authority of the west virginia municipal pensions oversight board university of virginia t-shirt size m licensed new rt magsabc happy super tuesday ft kickass abc yahoo team rickklein amyewalter davidchalian jaketapper gstephanopoulos jonkarl ..rt bostondotcom breaking news 81-year-old rhode island win 336.4 million powerball jackpotwhile every other school in ohio is having 20 something minute class next week well be on the block schedule. littlemiamiproblemsrt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt edweekteacher teaching now ohio to retest teachers in struggling schools educationrt thinker1979 code pink founder praise ron paul on his remarkable foreign policy  xidig4life ohio united statert yosgof cnnvideo cnn s john king look ahead at what supertuesday might hold for the gop presidential candidates. video ..rt doctorzachjones ricksantorum if we are who you think we are i don t want to be us.rt prepbaseball oh latest recruiting news from around ohio gt gt gt join the super tuesday roundtable - play mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrcrt lizzwinstead i m reading romney s op-ed from 1992 advocating jerking off near play grounds. somanyopedsdiscovered therealroseanne barackobama newtgingrich mittromney billmaher mmflint and i am an only child.rt realdonaldtrump my squawkcnbc interview discussing why mittromney is a great nominee gas price and why george will is a loser. .. tpm edshow ahahaha sorry didn t you predict this in your blog joenbc all ur fault joe lmao the only irish woman i m in love with are nadine coyle and georgia salpa lt 3good luck rt keebo_maddox first home baseball game today 4pm against oklahoma state today misogyny take form in the act of staying home from the polls. getouthervote usethe19th waronwomen supertuesdaybest humblebrag ever ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ohio school rampage victim mournedi need to make a trip to ohio  georgiasalpa is the star of my blog 2day about the crystals co jewellery she wore coming out of the cbb house lt 3 mitt romney dont like weed so i dont like himwhat a joke. rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt elvincan2 check out newtgingrich s new op-ed cnbc outlining his plan to balancebudget teaparty supertues ..rt byronyork blogger count time nyt s gail collins ha mentioned romney dog-on-top-of-car story. total 52 -- 45 nyt column 7 blog ..rt okcballet oklahoma city ballet s 2012-2013 season raising the barre newt gingrich praise gov. mitt romney s business experience cpac 2010 endorsemitt tcot gop teaparty tiotare you judging another s sin recall the bible say david wa a man after god s own heart. god chose him. i m withnewt teapartyrt norml massachusetts bill to regulate and tax marijuana is scheduled for a hearing on today at 1pm norml donnabrazile donnab is on pointrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall schumer romney by his empty rhetoric is recklessly dividing americans. it doesn t serve the national interest of the us israel. iranmitt romney versus mr. burns disinformation via disinfolaura ingraham newt rocked it - youtube rt washingtonpost rush limbaugh apologizes again but advertiser continue to sever tie come to west virginia governor s cup regatta 2012 today from 5 00 pm to 8 00 pm. course .. rt rightwingwatch christian publisher promotes anti-gay robocalls urging voter to vote not for homosexuality and mitt romney ..moelane rsrh of course romney not going to say..  nathanwurtzel thought you d vote for smod listed on the ballot a ron paul rt serius_jones i m tired of paying ticket to the state of georgia.the fact is romney ha not spent a beyond ordinary amount of money on this race. its that newt rick are well behind any normal standardrt renesal007 38_28_38 jeanabella because chucktodd is a closet republican all his report on nbc news and msnbc are biased he s f ..rt robertmooreitv watching super tuesday in virginia is to see why president obama will win in november. major excitement deficit for .. healthcarefinance virginia super tuesday vote between romney and paul the virginia super tuesday primary on ma..  dewguzzler ronpaul i know that why i said feasible.  senatormenendez amen rt renate romney s family misspell their name in the greatest freudian slip in history. gingrich win in georgia on super tuesday may not be enough via reutersthe money romney spends to get vote is only topped by the tax money obama spends to do the same tcot teaparty dnc2012 haldockins watch that georgia bashing.. puttin duke up virginia only got guapos goin for em. and some pho i think.rt tpm ohio senate bill offer male lawmaker a taste of their own medicine rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says.  erikajohnsen also saw ann romney on fox liked her. she is the human touch needed in mitt s campaign. rt cnn michele bachmann responds to piersmorgan s gay marriage question - i m not here a anybody s judge rt thehill allen west i m willing and ready to join gop ticket by jtsthehill allenwest gop tcotrt gyro321 if you live in virginia- don t forget to vote today polls are quiet.. a good chance for liberty to sneak in a win ron ..i m at target 1700 garth brooks blvd oklahoma city rt emilyabc romney wrap up 9 minute speech to aipac focus on iran and get standing o when he say his 1st overseas a prez will ..rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy why can t they get this one issue right rt drudge_report ga win may not be enough.. rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall summer camp in georgia are right around the corner. please make sure and go to for a list of all camp coming. cnn the fallacy with bush doctrine pretext search sect. frt time is immaturity becoming a medical condition via timehealthland  nancysabet1 perry not on ballot in va no write-in allowed. but then again gov lt gov va in tank for mitt. voting for ron paul hey ohio go vote realdonaldtrump squawkcnbc mittromney how can you say george will is a loser at least he ha a real job more smarter meghanmccain lovehow the fuck can a job termination keep you from gettini one in the state of georgia  georgiasalpa georgia i love you such please follow it would be great your a great role model thanks xxdistrict ii cover virginia north carolina south carolina and marylandcathedral high school polling station. bunewsservice campaign2012bunews supertuesday rt elvincan2 rino loser mccain the rep establishment endorsed romney from beginning. one sure loser endorsing another. we need a win ..rt pinnie99 ladies ur not marrying newt ur voting 2 save r country constitution.mittens is platitude perfect lt plastic nervous rote u ..i swear if i find out anyone i know voted for rick santorum consider our friendship over your tire slashed. imserious35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall  stephennreed deejgregory newtanman if ur sarah palin ohio is a smaller statetickets on sale for oklahoma tickets for children s theatre of winnetka production of oklahoma go on sale to.. rt thefix newt gingrich getting secret service protection starting at midnight tonight. so guess this mean he s staying in. ..a 27 yr old bird from virginia just replied to a 20 yr old dude in north carolina looks like they re getting along you know what this mean gingrichcodename. go mt zekejmiller gingrich to receive secret service protection - fuck you alaska. i want a snow day.rt theplumlinegs rt politicalwire democrats strap mitt romney on rush limbaugh s station wagon.. rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall the lesson michigan hold for ohio primary bill to legalize marijuana in massachusetts get hearing on beacon hill marijuana is a mind-a.. marijuana weed1.2 million people have left the workforce since 2008 obama tell you the unemployment rate dropped.. voteanyoneelse2012 supertuesdayrt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot  senatorreid on floor imploring 4 gop sprt to overcome highway bill filibuster say won t happen cuz r s taking order frm tea partyalaska cruise 2007 - part two - skagway to vancouver .. rt richgowran ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran alert rick santorum can t collect tell your friend not to throw their vote away vote newt gingrich gop teapartyrt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers  speakerboehner it s time to license online poker via federal legislation. speaking of which time is running out for a federal solution rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall . bretbaier specialreport kimsfirst stephenfhayes andreatantaros thejuanwilliams so tonight s panel mitt mitt mitt obama. got it.the lesson michigan hold for ohio primary rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. oh hey virginia patriot1059 nytfury son_of_apatriot ohio rule rt whinenot gingrich makes the case for a newt nomination via seanhannity he s convincing supernewtday su .. awg_ilyas the only thing i dont like about ron paul is that if he could hed abolish the education dept. but i know congress wouldnt let himi ve heard that song before. mt danielseidemann gingrich promises to move american embassy to jerusalem on day 1 rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gaseven though i hate all of them i m kinda excited about supertuesday tonight. politicsgovernment obama2012rt raybeckerman massachusetts considers shield law for journalists bloggers mediapost rt politicprophet santorum forfeit 27 of 66 delegate in oh today plus all in virginia unorganizedsantorum wolfblitzercnn cnnsitroom shake up iran via global speech admonish iran s supreme leader not ahmad jad use quran get iran off israelrt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall my georgia prediction gingrich romney santorum paultoo easy to make fun of this guy. rt esqpolitics great moments in the romney campaign rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt umichbball michigan will play west virginia on december 15 2012 at the soon-to-be-opened barclays center in ny. ..santorum suggests romney may have removed damning usa today op-ed from paper s archives skyrssnetworkrt shortwave8669 newt schools ron paul on founding fathers i don t think liberty mean.. withnewtrt zerohedge rasmussen - obama romney run near even when it comes to major issues- maybe cause they are the same president ..rt wsjgraphics ohio and tennessee are the state to watch on super tuesday. the wsj guide will be voting for rick santorum today.we have knowingly compromised our sacred liberty for temporary promise of security or false prosperity ronpaul supertuesday goprt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall the lesson michigan hold for ohio primary rt ariannahuff shorter krugman it s the austerity stupid good morning alaska. hope yall have a great day spending our class period watching youtube video making fun of politician and what they say. supertuesdayrt treehugger mitt romney lt 3 the keystone xl pipeline romneya 24 yr old chick from west virginia just replied to a 22 yr old chap in kentucky looks like they re getting along waynesboro ha the highest diseased hoe rate in virginia.. swear to yougeorgia bulldogs full on amazon kindle fire thinshield case his face gt gt gt gt gt gt gt rt chrisbrownzone chris brown posing with a female fan in virginia rt rt ingrahamangle ron paul on israel from a political standpoint israel should do what it need to do. we shouldn t tell them what to do.rt toddwellman tennessee georgia withnewt public rally tuesday dalton ga. 11 a.m. nw georgia trade convention center 2211 dug ..did you vote today supertuesday in georgia is huge. sundaysales most reauthorization gop prez race. gapol waterrt conservative_vw mitt romney wa once registered a a democrat here is a copy of willard s registration card .. lefthandbrewing nitro milk stout bottle hitting ohio soon rt washingtonpost what if supertuesday wa more like marchmadness rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt dancemomchristi yes virginia i will be tweeting live tonight. east coast time. dancemomsrt googlepolitics track supertuesday result from all 10 state with our nifty map if you claim you will stand behind whatever candidate get elected then vote your conscious. don t use electability card. supertuesday ericcantor it s time to license online poker via federal legislation. speaking of which time is running out for a federal solution today the people of ohio will decide if they want two more year of dennis kucinich pie charts.rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. neil young jimmy fallon and springsteen cover sexy and i know it . if this isn t the greatest thing it s close. tying romney to limbaugh via politicalwirert kaylie_bamf living in ohio lt  thefix campaigning on taxpayer dime w no chance of winning doesnt gop consider that wasteful spending re newt secret serv protctionchris wallace inside super tuesday if rick santorum beat mitt romney in some super tuesday contest i think .. rt playscript karen weinberg co-author plays4presfest provides insight into collaborative writing - supertuesdayrt fmanjoo best humblebrag ever ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy ohio school rampage victim mourned delong -- news is that romney s advisors are trying to keep the campaign from claiming that dynamic scoring .. rt ariannahuff how the sleep deficit is damaging america s long-term health sleepweek  famouslies dicklugar wa already in washington..why not stop by fundraiser return to storm-ravaged indy i don t want to here any whining about virginia s limited ballot if you didn t collect signature for your preferred candidate.rt taniel new york ha a new court-drawn map first analysis  newtgingrich ha balanced the federal budget and can do it again if we support him this supertuesday please go out and show your support. gasq4 j_swole y all are comin to east georgia rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. today is supertuesday make sure to vote if today is your primary. vote for freedom civil liberty and sound foreign policy ronpaul2012trying to decide if voting today is worth the shame of registering a a republican. though another blow to santorum may be worth it.rt ewerickson low turnout in middle georgia.rt boycotkochbros romney criticizes sotomayor supreme court appointment reason simple a black man appointed a hispanic woman..rt teambarackobama melaniednc woodhouseb michaelofa video flashback mitt romney s 2007 lawyer test for iran based on sterling debate coverage best coverage of supertuesday 2b found anywhere on earth dishfeed. you ve got it man election2012rt buzzfeedandrew today the people of ohio will decide if they want two more year of dennis kucinich pie charts.rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt maddowblog newt moon base gingrich say algae-for-energy come from cloud cuckoo land redistricting force ohio democrats into primary fight look ppl remembr tht the vote is proportional n some state any vote withnewt mean more clout go w newt ak id nd ok ga oh tn vtin massachusetts tiny pirate party champion internet freedom via arstechnica must come to all 50 stategeneral discussion in marlboro now regarding windham county reads vermont yankee and more tmdvt via addthis ohio s kasich - throwing disaster victim under the bus for his political gainrt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..rt brianaguilar super excited to see wsj stream up and running. get your supertuesday fill here gingrich make a stand in his home state romney is very good.. article politicsrt marketwatch u.s. stock tumbled today on global jitter dow ha lost 180 point  romney s made-up history on iran news p2rt chaddscott georgia is confident heading into 2012 and they should be - the expansion of the sec and other change have caused .. ..rt conditionedmind summer camp in georgia are right around the corner. please make sure and go to for a list of .. juliemason re gingrich bedraggled excellent word choice.romney gop fail to see americans need for help in foreclosure crisis basically do not give a damn about non richrt catholiclisa just uploaded a new cnn video on wepickrick ricksantorum to president obama man up santorum news tcot http ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ann romney need to live a month in my shoes. cupidstuntgeorgia ha the best foreplay npr topics politics-romney s wins have come with negative messages rt ricksantorum as commander-in-chief i would commit to keeping our promise to veterans. this is not a republican democrat issue bu .. thinkprogress no worries. the john birch society kk and the american nazi party will be now be advertizeing on limbaugh s lies. damn damn damn mitt romney s anti-gun record he hope ohio voter forget via addthiswoah mt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over price rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gas romney. ann romney doesn t feel wealthy. come live in my shoe 24 hour then you ll know what it like for real bitch gopfailromney gop look weak ahead of super tuesday perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did - newt gingrichrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall xplosion fall bash chattanooga georgia 30736 saturday .. - via.. most read by neighbor in ringgold gaylesvilleniggas say dat georgia nigga gottem feeling like they on them white atlanta hawkshello tuesday. are you feeling super here s what all the fuss is about supertuesdayrt thefix restore our future spent 1 million on ad in tennessee. bet you didn t know that. hat tip fixrachel  dana_al_salahi need to talk soon.. new stuff happening in georgia pi uploaded a youtube video electronic depot inc of georgia presents the ct70 product viso guy fawkes will his win first primary today in alaska. supertuesdayrt henrybarbour thefix romney is consolidating the folk who want to defeat obama in november retain our majority in the house and t ..victimized by rick santorum it s over for gingrich and santorum via politicalwirert sbalist just announced sba list endorses ricksantorum press release prolife 2012 tcot winning newtgingrich supertuesday tcot 250gas my vote wa cast about 715 this morning mr. speaker. we all are looking forward to you in wh.rt jdmarvin ron paul to fox news i m not looking for power i want to have .. fox news martha maccallum intervi.. ..romney hoping for a big leap in delegate race mitt romney hoped.. article politicsrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt _hottcocoa good morning alaska. hope yall have a great day rt floraduh1 gingrich we will sign that day an executive order which a of that moment approves of the canadian pipeline to houst ..play mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrc jamesmaslow i m sad i don t get to meet you because i didn t get vip. but i m going to the concert july 8th cincinnati ohio. lt 3linda fox don horrigan and connor gorham at the vermont food venture center making a small batch of sumptuous.. i uploaded a youtube video i voted for ron paul protesting is now a felony crimert ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are. join me in t ..i voted supertuesday ricksantorum rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. rt nowwithalex breaking-ish news reports that newtgingrich will get secret service protection starting tomorrow nowwithalexoff to tennessee to get my car inspected screwthetagofficeno matter who u vote for today 9.9 time out of 10 they think u are le than a human being.. if u re black supertuesdaysantorum single moms are breeding more criminals via motherjonesrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. so if anne romney doesn t consider herself rich then she is a out of touch with america a her husband wtfrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt francoisf24 debate commenting on obama presser amine_ouazad ronald freeman atlanticcouncil update from ohio courtesy of nath .. bjring25 ok fair enough. don t buy. more for me and my family. cheers ronpaula 35 yr old fellow from texas just replied to a 49 yr old woman in ohio looks like they re getting along rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..now that we ve established that mitt romney is mr. burns..i really don t want to vote for a candidate who put down another. supertuesday noonedeservesit jimmygraham voted for ron paul today. me wish i could do the same.. i have to wait until may. richlowry esp since a pres newtgingrich would roll back 40 of o s admin on the very first day tcot 250gas withnewt truedebtreduction speakerboehner official proof of obama s forged document silence complicit we demand criminal investigation goprt chrisbrownzone chris brown posing with fan at urban outfitters in virginia yesterday rt does anyone realistically believe the republican candidate is not going to be romney it seems a sadly resigned inevitability to me.gingrich pin hope tuesday on big georgia win - wivb  bigbecondeck hahaha your very welcome becca.. lol it got crazy last night down here in georgiagot more great news about this school in ohio desicions mannrt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..rt zacmoffatt rt edwgillespie voted for gov romney this am like fellow virginians bobmcdonnell ericcantor pro-growth strong le ..romney relative for ron paul before it s news romney santorum gingrich blast obama at aipac - washington post west virginia play 2morrow tho gt gt rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall  davidaxelrod romney probly thought this wld make him look so much smarter than santo and newt xdrt sjh22 dr ron paul say no new taxes. the issue is too much spending ronpaul will cut 1trillion 1st yr balance the budgetin 3. ..2 georgia men accused of using counterfeit atm card in tennessee to steal about 72 00 if you are in a super tuesday state i encourage you to go vote for rick santorum rt whinenot newt pledge i will not apologize a comm-in-chief when young americans are under fire i will stick with the young americ .. newtgingrich is it true you are running for president  nowwithalex newt is gonna surpise alot of you fool tonite rt thehill poll show romney gaining among conservative by joneasley romney tcot supertuesdayromney revelation reveal a bigger gop problem migop mitt ricksantorum michigandems rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt whowhatwhy rt senatorsanders tomorrow 52 vermont town will vote on whether we must address overturning the supreme court s cit ..but i could just so with him next friday while she in tennessee. supertuesday voter please watch voteronpaul ronpaul2012 cnn vote ron paul on super tuesday rt kpechatsko hey alaska you can hold an iditarod here on the moon. the dog will look great with glass helmets. newtsmoonpeople su ..weekly email spring break in tennessee mountains less sunburn rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. rt cpeterka farleftofright rush s bos is.. mitt romney bain capital along w a prvt equity co owns clear channel. therefore mit .. tpm edshow hardball_chris lawrence thelastword i love this know why men don t have a freaking clue what woman go through rt mollykrygowski hear ohio legislator talk about tedceleste .. and vote for him today in ohio s new 3rd cdrt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director ..rt sergeiburbank obama romney and gingrich agree the government doesn t need a court to kill you feels so good being back in virginia ohio gov. mr aspirin wa elected by 1 of the voter can t find woman use vaginal limbaughscope.. rt thefix neil young jimmy fallon and springsteen cover sexy and i know it . if this isn t the greatest thing it s close. ..start saving on plymouth massachusetts life insurance romney relative for ron paul before it s news  supertuesday the most exciting thing i ll do all week. policommproblemsrt politicalticker new jersey rep. payne dy - rt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread our oklahoma city campus is celebrating it 10th anniversary rumble the okcthunder bison will be there rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt mostatebasebal perfect day for the bears home opener 4 00 vs. oklahoma state. gobearsit look like it feel good outside but it slick cold..georgia weather all over the place lolrt paulbegala astrophysicist neil degrasse tyson is making a fool out of climate change denier bob lutz on real time with billmaher. ..rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt furnitureparts wood is not only everlasting but it is timeless a well. furniture newport vermont part industryred neck graveyard. front yard totally acceptable in ohio  jay_severin i will cast my ballot for mittromney a he is the only conservative that can beat obama and the progressive machine.idaho sure is pretty. i liked an youtube video why does alex jones support ron paul  washingtonpost does the easter bunny have a place in classroom lt not if god doesnt.cnnbrk rt cnnlive wolf blitzer moderate a special supertuesday cnn election roundtable with cnn s political tea..  packers45jag haha your from tennessee you bum. what r u talking about lol. simp camcavers - reminds me of national lampoon s vacation.. romney is clark griswold.. chucktodd i can t believe u sat there let pataki lie about potus poll against gop-ers. stop letting misinformation pas for realilty.plan a trip to atlanta georgia here today i voted for a candidate that i truly believe in while others voted for one the medium told them to vote for. supertuesday ronpaul2012rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says.  josh_ward who doe tennessee have the winner of in the 2nd round game rt markknoller wh official would have you believe it s a coincidence that pres obama is having a news conference a super tuesday vot ..rt realdonaldtrump my squawkcnbc interview discussing why mittromney is a great nominee gas price and why george will is a loser. ..only one man running for president will chase power out of the executive branch and back to the states. his name is ronpaul. supertuesdaytruth rt conservative_76 virginia it the guy with no principle against the most principled politician in two generations. ronpaul2012rt wcpo are you wondering what is on the primary ballot in ohio click on the link below to read about some of the.. ..help u end lra violence. visit to find out why and how. mittromney join u for kony2012rt treehugger mitt romney lt 3 the keystone xl pipeline romneyattorney finders rt gopnews romney santorum gingrich blast obama at aipac - washington post i voted today. i know it just one but it mine. as long a we re free. use your rights..we may not always have them. vote supertuesdaybig day today mitt2012santorum is an extreme freak p2 p2b ff tcot tlot gop teaparty teatards democrats republicans dems p21santorum us needs to do more than talk on iran gop presidential candidate rick santorum ha told.. atlanta gart eugenemirman only when talking about rick santorum. rt huffingtonpost should word like tranny and faggot ever be used ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. whenever i hear nicci manaj i think of tennessee and jesscuh_jess summerrt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. mt emrosenberg park slope s berkeley sell drink called the santorum brooklyn paper . say donnabrazile tonight will be a night of mixed result . supertuesday cnnelections markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy professor_wardvoter voices romney most likely to beat obama state election official had no report of early.. atlanta ga tune in for live at 4 on todaystmj4 -- nbc news political director chucktodd join u to talk supertuesday donnabrazile gop need to watch out you re on fire razor sharp too winning in high school romney nick name was slick and he ran gambling and protested against busing african americans justinplumlee good call. or anything with rick santorum. chuckychuck38 lemme guess..u live in either arizona..or virginiart ezraklein young woman who had access to the pill in the 60 earned 8 percent more at age 50 than those who didn t rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt politico from pwgavin comedian adam carolla not laughing at reaction to breitbart s death how many times is abc going to run this stupid story ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy cnnbrk rt cnnsitroom starting now cnn supertuesday election roundtable live powered by ciscosystems webex. wa.. ann romney a clueless a mitt i don t even consider myself wealthy. most people consider 250 million wealthy. rt fearsomebuffalo newtgingrich supertuesday tcot 250gas my vote wa cast about 715 this morning mr. speaker. we all are looking ....how many times is abc going to run this stupid story ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy rt politicalwire democrats strap mitt romney on rush limbaugh s station wagon..  nbcnews urging single mother to take a stand at the poll no vote or support when all you do is shame single mother in america rt a_siegel major mittromney contributor belief mitt will flip-flop on climate rt intermediaguy2012 entertainmentnews brooks lead 2012 country music hall of fame class nashville tennessee ap country super..rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..santorum on romney he s not someone you can trust via huffingtonpostonly in west virginia newseum this is my tweet about politics and supertuesday for today. that is all. romney santorum gingrich paul idontlikeanyofthem iwantrubiort thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall don t forget to check out otterbein360 tonight for coverage of supertuesday rt cnnbrk iran offer nuclear inspector access to parchin military base.  karlrove foxnews kirstenpowers10 ya know for a democrat kirsten powers sure hit the nail on the head on this one. greatworkrt ronpaulnews thanks to those fighting for freedom ronpaul lrc blogrt wsjgraphics ohio and tennessee are the state to watch on super tuesday. the wsj guide rt daveweigel rt buzzfeedandrew today the people of ohio will decide if they want two more year of dennis kucinich pie charts.rt moses_the_injun don t forget to vote today ronpaul2012it s supertuesday cape inside-out underwear and tacky mask optionalrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall my idaho prediction romney santorum paul gingrichwhat doe scott brown and mittromney have in common they both acquired the same voters. should tell you something. vote newt tcfn tcoti don t think comcast is going to show up by noon.. can i get on with the rest of my day yet supertuesday journointern volunteerworkfollow clevelanddotcom and electioncle for all your romney santorum news and for election coming out of the new congressional districts.rt bluegrasspundit mitt romney say he won t say outrageous thing about the president tcotsantorum cake for super tuesday celine dion saves a montreal deli it s super tuesday and food w.. how many state on the tour rt nickfirchau hello tennessee state 10 on the mls road trip 2 firstkick. bp_tow temrysslane dreaaventso .. not final but i will probably remain a resident of ohiort eugenemirman only when talking about rick santorum. rt huffingtonpost should word like tranny and faggot ever be used ..if i find out that any of you have voted for santorum you re dead to me. voteronpaulrt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..today in tx we remember the alamo however this time it s a day for victory for freedom withnewt supertuesdayrt peartree1313 so i m curious to what my follower view on the upcoming election is. who are you voting for and why supertuesdayrt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. loving the marathon that is supertuesday.stoopid broke skateboards - we got em here at art under pressure come on down 4807 georgia ave. nw .. liberty freedom self-determination. those goal are a worthy of our attention today a they were 235 year ago ronpaul supertuesdayaristocrat wins first oasis 360 tm installation in ohio i think the gop establishment want newt to stay in and split the vote so their guy mitt can win nomination. what say you  andersoncooper this is not the first time texas orphan have been abused check out my website rt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director ..terry ends recruitment.. picks georgia business finance group tops sba 504 lending in virginia and maryland  ewerickson is middle georgia like middle earth rt huffingtonpost ann romney doesn t consider herself wealthy. say what rt drudge_report ron paul eye nd.. off to vote for anarchy over corporate douchebaggery. vaprimary supertuesdaywho in god s name is mitt romney supertuesday and the winner is..mitt romney. shocker. if it santorum then bigger shocker. if it s gingrich or paul it wa rigged.rt oritsklar voted for mittromney this morning. he s a conservative businessman not a career politician. mitt2012 gagop supertuesdayrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt ronpaulaz ronpaul trust the free market to produce affordable environmentally sound reliable energy.berkeley-themed bar in park slope sell a santorum -themed drink out-of-touch the romneys have no clue no purpose and no chance of winning in november.. via yahoonewsjust voted for newtgingrich supertuesdayrt realdonaldtrump my squawkcnbc interview discussing why mittromney is a great nominee gas price and why george will is a loser. ..romney a prez 2-faced coward.. who would respect u thenrt huffingtonpost colorado student can carry concealed weapon on campus rt politicalticker join the super tuesday roundtable - rt danielseidemann ny times gingrich promises to move american embassy to jerusalem on day 1 play mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrcmitt romney my speech at aipac rt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director ..gingrich vow to strengthen fundamentally timid spy agency  mittromney morning_joe scarborough romney lied about individual mandate  ricksantorum so romney would desert our god-given right because he started romney-care. are you so wise to know more than state try-outs  wolfblitzercnn i am in california and i am not a part of the republican election i am finding this disturbingrt arlenwms gop voter really want habitual liar a our nominee mitt caught lying about individual mandate videos ..mitt romney on every side of every issue flip-flop mitt is all thing to all people rt greatdismal speaking of mugabe i think he ha a lock on vermont on super tuesday. and look for joe mccarthy to take ohio. seeno ..rt shortwave8669 forurluv37 yeah we must either make the gop into the teaparty or suffer continued teaparty speech w rnc results. ..my doghter like it a well rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. ohio men s hoop attendance lead mac this season. cats averaged 6 177 fan per game including 4th largest home crowd for trent miami day.rt cantshutmeupdes prismsinc ohio is the birthplace of the prolife movement dr. jack willke judie brown heartbeat international s ..puerto rico republican delegates support ricksantorum on supertuesday on march 18th santorum will win the puerto ricoprimaries rt veteransunited barbara bush say this is the worst campaign she ha ever seen what do you think supertuesdayrt dailykos david axelrod slam mitt romney s cowardly response to rush limbaugh cortland finnegan say tennessee titans won t make him an offer - espn if my dad think i m going to tennessee with him thursday he must be out his rabbit as mindi uploaded a youtube video bob mcdonnell s virginia the white featherhow do people support this guy nytimes romney in ohio want college can t afford it too bad. andymlansing as 10 state head to the poll the math is looking good for mittromney and bad for santorum and gingrich. fhqron paul talks homeschooling with tebow arguing in favor of homeschooling at an idaho town hall rep. ron paul ..  peartree1313 ron paul. nowwithalex u will still b left with ron paul. he went 2 conv in 08 threw his own due 2 ike why would he not do same this time doing better30 of evangelical voter wouldn t vote for romney because he s mormon. exactly what jesus taught people. to judge others who also love him.someone in my class honestly asked if georgia is a state.spartan fighting championships headed to west virginia event planned on april 6 in huntington meg may there rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers new helleborus cultivars university of georgia s allan armitage showcase up-and-coming lenten rose and predic..  cbaldwin22 klcfor3 aiight i will. and chris it the beat weight room in northern ohio..good time for idaho barley farmers. listen agrt ewerickson low turnout in middle georgia.rt vfw_vet santorum is an extreme freak p2 p2b ff tcot tlot gop teaparty teatards democrats republicans dems p21vote ron paul. true conservative that stand for liberty and a smaller gov that doesn t spend which we don t have. ronpaul supertuesdayrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. now will i get in trouble if i go vote and write ron paul in since obama will be the only one on my ballot lolthe only thing i want in life is to be able to meet ron paul obsessedanother racist obama zombie. nice. rt chuck__hall whinenot except newtgingrich is not among the cont victimized by rick santorum via wordpressdotcom ewerickson we are in se-ga and i can tell you that there is no enthusiasm here. preference is none of the above. may vote perry a protesthow long ha it been since richard cohen wrote anything of value i m only 30. i may have missed it. rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt drudge_report ron paul eye nd.. santorum higher-income people don t have to pay tax the raw story via addthisrt garrettquinn potential for crossover vote limited in massachusetts maprimary mapolirt thefix neil young jimmy fallon and springsteen cover sexy and i know it . if this isn t the greatest thing it s close. ..mit romney s commercial on rick santurum is classic he ha him flip floppin so bad we are embarrassed for him.rt buzzfeedben romney compare peace process now to setting up a tent in the middle of a hurricane rt huffingtonpost the changing face of the bowery graffiti mural wall photos the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. listened to samuel l. jackson reading go the f k to sleep last night. chattanooga in the house memphis tennessee ariannahuff hearing you speak nyustern converted me into a sleep evangelist. now i m all about 7 hr night minimum. sleepweekis anyone actually from west virginia  marcy_kaptur make choice easy ohio latinos support dennis_kucinich in ohprimary cn t tolerate votolatino latismif you are in one of the super tuesday state your vote to rick santorum or mitt romney can change the direction.. rt zerohedge rasmussen - obama romney run near even when it comes to major issues- maybe cause they are the same president ..the netflix silence is deafening. rt thinkprogress breaking 4 more company drop rush limbaugh. rush ha now lost 24 company total.rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. leaving soon oklahoma atleast i got to see a thunder win champi m from va and love freedom however i will not be voting for ron paul..rt thedailyshow tdsbreakingnews ericcantor endorses mittromney. but only when romney promised not to convert cantor after cantor dies.rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price .. agoldfan i understand that but what ha virginia done besides a win streak three month ago against crappy team rt ariannahuff who said it mitt romney or mr. burns rt floridaline santorum single moms are breeding more criminals rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot coach frank beamer and first book join forces to bring new books to virginia kids by first book roanoke va. m.. rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall the vahouse honor the virginia national guard on the house floor today.rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..rt dredpiraterob do people realize that mitten romney s old company bain capital owns the rush limbag radio show..mitt s wife ann say i don t even consider myself wealthy i guess someone is letting you borrow all those cars.inspector general say state worker used work computer for personal gain. i will be at rhema bible training center today here in tulsa oklahoma. i cannot wait how to be affirmative. be classy. get resoundfulness. hampton virginia. wom mobile deals wanted. start free..newt gingrich s big super tuesday gambit win the gas pump vote .. ahead of super tuesday newt gingrich is ha.. follow our ongoing coverage of hank4senate a cat running for office in virginia. rick santorum say it s gut check time no rick leave the sweater vest on please.rt klsouth romney is nothing but platitudinous sound bites. gingrich ha a plan to totally dismantle the marxist socialist welfare st ..rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall  newt is such a credible force the wannabe didn t even make serious bid for georgia.ex-head of mossad slam a recent romney op-ed a causing serious issue for effort to prevent a nuclear-armed iran. mitt romney versus mr. burns disinformation why don t men in favor of birth control speak up across the potomac in virginia democrats and again a few r.. rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. i added a video to a youtube playlist ron paul delegate washington state domination white boy named alaska gt rt ariannahuff shorter krugman it s the austerity stupid have a super duper tuesday. get out and vote in north dakota. locations here ndpolsenator johnkerry mittromney s rhetoric play in iranian hand via politico s aburnspoliticopaul just set romney on fire how harsh mt . ingrahamangle paul on romney s support for ind mandate it show he s not free-market busy day for the drovers usao softball host benedictine at 1 3 p.m. and baseball host northwestern oklahoma state at 2 p.m.rt nick_glass24 georgia s 2013 class is gonna be crazyrt ksuowlnation owls baseball v georgia tonight at coolray field at 7pm. proceeds from tonight s game benefit childrensatl. goksuowls idleg in idaho house of reps rep bateman is railing against the 14th amendment since state should be free to ignore constitutional rightmake voyage attempt them.. there s nothing else. tennessee williamsthe most interesting outcome of super tuesday wow. um..wow. i know all about the definition of santorum but i did not know about the urban dictionary one. wow. alaska musher aliy zirkle leading iditarod musher aliy zirkle is leading the iditarod trail sled dog race. rt atxfollowers sounds like an episode of breaking bad.. ohio man dy after meth lab fire at nursing home rt klsouth romney is nothing but platitudinous sound bites. gingrich ha a plan to totally dismantle the marxist socialist welfare st ..rt ronpaulsvoice war reflects the weakness of a civilization that refuse to offer peace a an alternative ronpaul supertuesday gop bajancule _devi8 not much on the road up in vermont. what s good on the isle rt cnnsitroom starting now cnn supertuesday election roundtable live powered by ciscosystems webex. watch at i bet rick santorum tell racist joke at family reuniondogs against romney dogs against romney new yorker magazine cover rt trscoop cbs news - karen santorum s revealing look at her husband. our second email highlighting oklahoma woman for women s history month.  newtgingrich you got it rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says.  maddowblog well newt would know about cuckoo .rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt eugenemirman only when talking about rick santorum. rt huffingtonpost should word like tranny and faggot ever be used ..rt huffingtonpost hold a mirror up to a lion and this is what happens rt thehill dem lawmaker repcohen to protest rush limbaugh by not buying clear channel ad rushlimbaugh billmaher here s your new rule for craigslist video west virginia s greenbrier names williams evp sales and marketing the_greenbrier traveltuesdayalaska musher aliy zirkle leading iditarod musher aliy zirkle is leading the iditarod trail sled dog race. rt citizens4mitt time 4 americans 2 unite behind 1 candidate mittromney to beat barackobama in nov. 2012 supertuesday election ..rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. rt lizzwinstead i m reading romney s op-ed from 1992 advocating jerking off near play grounds. somanyopedsdiscoveredcall for presentation aia ohio convention due march 15th. convention is being held in cleveland in september rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. real time usa earthquake detail magnitude 1.9 southern alaska how santorum rejects the constitution. 1.9 earthquake southern alaska. mar 6 17 06 at gmt depth 0.40 km it s supertuesday let the voting commence news roundup super tuesday a pivotal moment for romney santorum - utahback with the georgia peaches..amazing rt branespeaks still watching this. ron paul - if you refuse he ll haunt your prostate rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gas mittromney mght be boring but at least he get you home on time from campaign rallies. happy super tuesday mittromney obama 12can someone please send me a website with all of santorum s gaffe it would make my life considerably better worsehappy super tuesday newt 2012love it. rt westongreg with respect to mitt newt et al re-signing grabovski for five year is what make this supertuesday leafs ib4newt please don t vote ronpaul.this is not a game.delegates mean power long but a must read think votenewtrt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..when i graduate from high school i want to move to ohio by myselfrick santorum and newt gingrich are were lobbyists. why in world do you think thing will be better with either of them buddyroemerwashington idaho colorado romney surrogate trump trashes george will a loser with little round spectacles and cute little greasy haircut  clairecmc what about bill maher s comment toward palin bachmann etc didn t hear squawking when he said vile things. doublestandardrt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers product manager at t. blair group - northeast ohio - prodmgmt job jobsearchcall for presentation aia ohio convention due march 15th. convention is being held in cleveland in september rt bluetrooth looks like big-bucks romney supporter are pulling a short term sell order on wall streetromney and santorum locked in dead heat the two frontrunners for the republican presidential nomination compete.. who s ready for the oklahoma invitational this friday saturday and sunday  time from my understand it is under 100 mile this year but nevertheless an impressive feat by sled dogs.rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt la_hargis forbes newt ha the best plan for job and economic growth of any candidate in the field.  realbbartmann ethical debt collection act passes oklahoma senate debtcollection insidearm super tuesday let all america muslimeen vote ron paul america do need a prez who care for american first ron paul will b thatrt la_hargis only newt ha the right solution for the us vote newt withnewt ohprimary ca ak tn ok 250gas militaryicymi governordeal discus georgia primary day energy price and obamacare on cnn with carol costello. ron paul your campaigner make me not want to vote for you justkiddingbutseriouslynew virginia law bars motorcycle-only checkpoints rt thinkprogressfd santorum suggests romney may have removed damning usa today op-ed from paper s archives skyrs ..rick santorum s secret army home-schoolers via tweetbuzz_ussuper tuesday switch newt gingrich co-chairman stacey campfield now back rick santorum knoxville news sentinel i m so excited it s supertuesday i just want to scream obama s goal is to kill the future generation in the street gop sarcasm cbcstephenquinn my fave free street stand rag in to-now a more political local version of georgia strts the grid mittromney newtgingrich ricksantorum we already have a commander in chief so shut the f ck up about iranrt zekejmiller apparently rick santorum and newt gingrich are listed a of virginia on the vermont primary ballot.individual baked alaska cookies cream ice cream marbled sponge cake swiss meringue rustypelicanmi rt invasivenotes sheesh lt flail gt rt washdcnews romney say obama insufficiently pro-israel rt usrealitycheck ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran mitt romney illustrates his for.. ..must be nice to fly in alaska and land wherever to go clamming.. most political pundit are picking romney to carry ohio and win supertuesday. if romney win do you think the nomination is his to lose rt johnkingcnn smart take on us-israel-iran tension from fareedzakaria visit johnkingusa rt umichbball michigan will play west virginia on december 15 2012 at the soon-to-be-opened barclays center in ny. .. very few americans realize the extent to which congress sends billion of their tax dollar overseas ronpaul supertuesday gop tcotrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall oklahoma primary serving a warm-up act for texas rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. shorter romney if you think all dog should ride on the roof of cars..then i m the guy you want to nominatefrom a great speech to american autoworkers to bo obama in bunny ear check out a great episode of west wing week. gingrich gets secret service protection via pemalevya great airline alaska the flying chef  theblackkeys--i ll see you tonight first heard your music whilst visiting a friend in alaska in july 2010 and tonight s my first show lt 3it s supertuesday who would you vote for today vote in our poll rt ohiobioproducts thank you johnkasich recognizes algaculture a agriculture algaeexec algaeindustry biop ..rt wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 ..rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall bow hunting in urban oklahoma lakes is considered rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt thefix neil young jimmy fallon and springsteen cover sexy and i know it . if this isn t the greatest thing it s close. ..oklahoma election preview oklahoma - super tuesday is upon us. oklahoma is a part of primary voting. th.. texomart ibdeditorials 5 thing to watch for on super tuesday. can mitt keep up the momentum finally my massachusetts prediction romney santorum paul gingrichrt washingtonpost these golfer want the right to drink earlier - at 6 30 a.m. team romney or dieex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran  tomkemnitzjr michigan basketball will reportedly play west virginia at barclays center next .. family practice in georgia family practice residency in north georgia ha a need for a program director and an.. rt ronpaulaz ronpaul far from defeating the enemy our current policy provide incentive for more to take up arm against us. supe ..labor dispute shadow republicans boost obama in ohio via reutersrt dailybeasttv jon stewart eviscerates rush limbaugh s attack on contraception. watch rt totalbiscuit rick santorum is responsible for bringing million of new people to god. people who never prayed before are now prayi ..romney and santorum locked in dead heat the two frontrunners for the republican presidential nomination compete.. fly by the kite site and explore the flight of a brand made in virginia discount code flylife 20 family practice in georgia family practice residency in north georgia ha a need for a program director and an ad - if i lived in a country that elected mitt romney i d be reaching for the kool-aid.. or my passport. whichever wa closest. supertuesdaycolumbus ohio you need to slow down with your driving there - what is with speeding even if it s not blackice on the road - stop sign check back in one hour from now a rncresearch live-tweets response to obama s press conference and get the fact what we have is mom raising child in single-parent household simply breeding more criminal santorum .. super_tuesday play mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrc super_tuesday tying romney to limbaugh super_tuesday rick santorum higher income people don t have to pay taxes if they don t want to alternet super_tuesday rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall super_tuesday maddowblog newt would know best what come from cloud cuckoo land..after all he s the governor there super_tuesday romney and santorum locked in dead heat the two frontrunners for the republican presidential nomination compete.. super_tuesday the top 10 things you should know about georgia s demographic changes and immigration politics supertuesday super_tuesday rt bostondotcom mitt romney tell pro-israel group he would not hesitate to attack iran if president super_tuesday rt thinkprogress breaking five more company pull ad from rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 20 advertiser overall. .. super_tuesday ann romney doesn t consider herself wealthy super_tuesday santorum and romney court voters in ohio and super tuesday states super_tuesday rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall super_tuesday obgyn in tennessee obgyn for southwest tennessee quality board certified ob-gyn to establish practice in.. super_tuesday romney and santorum locked in dead heat the two frontrunners for the republican presidential nomination compete.. super_tuesday rt ricksantorum as commander-in-chief i would commit to keeping our promise to veterans. this is not a republican democrat issue bu .. super_tuesday rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. super_tuesday it s dougstanhope day supertuesday super_tuesday it s super tuesday which mean rick santorum will trade in his sweater vest for a superman onesie complete with velcro cape. super_tuesday 5bluestars china consumed ballpark 7.6m barrel per day 2007 projected 11.6 mbd 2020. car market estimate 30m annually 2030. wow. super_tuesday newt talk the talk but doe not walk the walk. ok can t risk everything on newt tcot teaparty ohprimary tn super_tuesday mittromney senatorharkin markwarner senbennelson kellyayotte johnkerry jontester hoeven4senate fleeing ca super_tuesday blue virginia bob mcdonnell votes early to avoid virginia women protesting his extreme policies super_tuesday robmarkman any chance you wanna give some new music from massachusetts a listen i think youll like it my dude super_tuesday lulzsec wa the iranian goddess of hate speech. she had a faith-based castle near reince-on-santorum in the midi ha district of lourdes. super_tuesday gadzooks64 it even work with my heavy massachusetts accident bitch super_tuesday cnn piersmorgan no objection to civil union. calling it marriage is against eon tradition. capturing name marriage is just wrong super_tuesday music news super tuesday does massachusetts still love mitt romney super_tuesday ezraklein mattyglesias tanehisi check out this post hedge funds holodecks and the science of altruism startrekvirginia - homevisits needed in linden va 22642. gloucester va 23061. to learn more contact homevisit fureverdachshundrescue.orgrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall  thefix his secret service is in compliance with the no trespassing bill all the candidate r getting it but havent heard from rp bout ita new app make it easier for west virginia citizen to snitch on their neighbors. security homesec gov20 kylesteed me can you fly them out to tennessee rt maxwellpichan today i m voting for proven leadership. i m voting for newtgingrich withnewt supertuesday gop newt2012hqford fiesta 2300 1996 georgia car auto sale by autopapa wsj that s why i brought my own popcorn last time i went to a movie that and because it s healthier when i make it on my stove.rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. gingrich vow to strengthen fundamentally timid spy agency gop candidate also pledge to overhaul the state.. rt ariannahuff so doe this mean god s happy with everywhere that s not hit with a natural disaster newt gingrich co-sponsored 418 bill with nancy pelosi while in congress not just global warming. notnewt anybodybutnewt tcot teapartytowns across vermont to vote today on an amendment that corporation are not person under the u.s. constitution. vtif romney win big who do you think is most likely to end campaign tonight rick santorum newt gingrich or ron paul supertuesdaypollyou asked for it you got it 1st annual vermont academy winter carnival lip synch contest in it entirety.  joenbc cakreiz luck nothing. you earned it joe.i m at north central west virginia airport 200 aviation way bridgeport rt libertycorps virginians i ve been out to the polls- low turn out this mean if we can remind every virginia ronpaul supporter 2 ..three of the twelve state holding republican primary or caucus on super tuesday georgia massachusetts and.. rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot senate gop ldr mcconnell trying once again to file amendment to highway billrt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gas newtgingrich i gotcha here in ga. but i have a question. what would you tell the pm of israel play mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via carolinesturt bradleybeers go vote today it s your civic duty ricksantorum ha my vote how many romneys are voting for ron paul ronpaul gop teaparty romneyrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt drudge_report ron paul eye nd.. rt echerneff big congrats to sarasidnercnn for being recognized among the daily beast s 150 fearless women --well deserved toledo had the next highest at 4 216..overall ohio had the third highest season attendance 105 001 in school history.rt teapartynation projections show newt getting more delegate today than santorum. santorum should drop out in favor of newt teapa .. opieradio mittromney is already more like me than obama is. dingdingding washingtonpost not in cuzil - half cuba and half brazil. god damned pt is destroying my country i think romney ha the best chance of beating president obama.rt ezraklein jon stewart on rush limbaugh  gilgunderson1 theweek the gop primary game change today and santorum need to win ohio say edmorrissey how many romneys are voting for ron paul ronpaul gop teaparty romneyrt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says.  bluegrasspundit if he doesn t mitt it is because he is exhaust attacking the gop guys. romney ha po d me rt markknoller happy 100th birthday to the oreo cookie. first sold on this day in 1912 to a grocer in hoboken nj.next person who tell me i look like rick santorum will have a large bounty placed on their head. cnn check out my supertuesday inspired politics from today s youth lost misled itsalanfoxat poll in west roxbury hyde park support for romney via bostondotcomjust because it 70 degree outside doe not mean the air should be set on alaska -__-.rt gopnews romney santorum gingrich blast obama at aipac - washington post santorum gain support of gingrich tn co-chair sen. stacey campfield santorum gingrich tngop tnprimary gagop akgop okgop tcot tpprt acollinsbyrnes georgia - an upset coming joining rest of country s republicans voting mitt romney rt wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 ..rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. massachusetts join 9 other state in voting for the presidential primary don t miss out supertuesdayget middlesex massachusetts life insurance romney say obama insufficiently pro-israel candidate us aipac speech to espouse his hawkish view on israel-.. rt r_saucy_s rt myblackcoffee_ supertuesday lt -- today is super tuesday what doe that mean omg the pandering to aipac mt danielseidemann nyt gingrich promises to move us embassy to jerusalem on day 1 rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt techweenie today in 8 of 10 state it s between rick man on dog santorum and mitt dog on station wagon romney. bottomofthebar ..rt malloryarichard supertuesday the most exciting thing i ll do all week. policommproblemsromney and santorum locked in dead heat yeah i m gonna go to georgia next month.. jimdemint senrandpaul mcconnellpress davidvitter sentoomey senatorakaka senensign senalexander fleeing ca rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  markgouge newtgingrich newt2012hq congratulations rt govchristie dems have stopped talking tax increase joined call for relief we ve turned trenton upside down ..ann romney on wealth what did she really mean  melsorg super tuesday is on i just did my patriotic duty and cast my ballot for.. supertuesdayrt wpostmagazine all 5 peeps finalist have been notified. dioramas now in our office for final vote. incredibly impressive work pee .. princessmollay i get told i have an accent all the time from people who live in ohio it drive me nut go out and vote supertuesdayrt markgouge on my way to vote for newtgingrich newt2012hq in tnwinner of 336 million lottery jackpot is 81-year-old woman.. rt grapejellykelly 30 of evangelical voter wouldn t vote for romney because he s mormon. exactly what jesus taught people. to judge ..rt yukimura17 vote ronpaul election fraud will be very much harder for them if we turn out in huge number romney may be leading gop but be too weak to battle obama care2 causes rt usrealitycheck ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran mitt romney illustrates his for.. ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. the club for growth owns ga who owns your state s members of congress supertuesday gaprimary goprt daveweigel how long ha it been since richard cohen wrote anything of value i m only 30. i may have missed it. rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt huffingtonpost colbert call rush limbaugh a poster boy for contraception rt wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 ..pictures of the week february 24 march 2 - lightbox via time romney in kalamazoo doe not appear victorious.rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..rt irenie_m santorum implicitly concedes need for obamacare says his special needs child took up much of his income ..in steubenville oh for ricksantorum election night party w jimacostacnn. coverage start at 4p through late night. cnnelectionsrt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. marvi memon bought 30 00 twitter followers for 450 while gingrich bought 1 million follower pti pmln rt wsjgraphics ohio and tennessee are the state to watch on super tuesday. the wsj guide  supertuesday who s going out to vote today i support and voted for ricksantorum i tweet for newt gingrich myvotefactor tweet your vote 2012 republican primaries newtgingrichgreat coach awesome hard working talented players..these are a few reason the ohio state buckeye will win final 4 clairecmc hypocrite you didn t say anything when sarah palin trig were are attacked by the left. fluke lied to congress. tcot p2mitt s wife ann say i don t even consider myself wealthy compared to bill gates but compared to the 99 you are filthy rich alexgainey99 i ll probably contact ohio state a few other area school today or tomorrow. you in school or just an interested person rt kendallrogerspg cbt we size up arkansas texas houston rice txtech tennessee plus highlight some top mlbdraft prospect htt ..rt wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 ..rt txstudents4newt today in tx we remember the alamo however this time it s a day for victory for freedom withnewt ..rt power1035 get out and vote it s super tuesday in oklahoma.. rockthevote polls open til 7pmjudge napolitano exposes the credibility gap of taxachusetts governor mitt romney . teaparty tcot tlot ocra rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  icebergslim1047 plus netanyahu he would luv to sabotage pbo over war and get dumbass romney in there to kiss his ring.rt diannapevensie ann romney commented this week that she doesn t consider herself wealthy because we can be poor in spirit. that do ..group sue for michelle obama vacation records.. rt raiyansyed thefix campaigning on taxpayer dime w no chance of winning doesnt gop consider that wasteful spending re newt s ..rt wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 ..rt cantshutmeupdes prismsinc ohio is the birthplace of the prolife movement dr. jack willke judie brown heartbeat international s ..rt clairecmc john mccain say rush attack on law student totally unacceptable .good for him. that s leadership.john sarah todd http ..ap photos here are the most recent photo of republican presidential candidate mitt romney -cj supertuesdayeast georgia might be the spot oil well blowout remains out of control in alaska yet corporate news medium fails to do their job in reporting the.. rt thehill allen west i m willing and ready to join gop ticket by jtsthehill allenwest gop tcotupdate 31 arrested in woman s right demonstration at virginia state capitol march 3 photo via .timesdispatch.comi hate when people have the heat like we live in alaska or something hotpaul thomas anderson phillip seymour hoffman l. ron hubbard sort of birthday excitement x 3 - mt globetracyjan michelle obama will headline two dnc event in boston on friday after appearing in concord nh for a let s move eventrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt whinenot newt we re not just against obama we re for a dramatically better america an america you cannot achieve with his leftwi .. ewerickson i noticed that around macon. i wa the only one at my place of votinggreat weather for town meeting day in vermont here s a look over burlington at noon.. tom messner rt thedailybeast rt dailybeasttv jon stewart eviscerates rush limbaugh s attack on contraception. watch gingrichtown by town vermont tackle corporate personhood sschat push for amendment that corp. are not people.rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. rt vatourismpr the virginia travel news daily is out top story today via visitgilesco discvrlynchburg newtgingrich senatormenendez jeffbingaman johncornyn alfranken senatorcollins senorrinhatch fleeing ca currently romney lead the pack on super tuesday with 187 delegates.  flipperspizzaus akron ohio it been 3 year since i have gotten to pizza from there.romneyrt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. rt clairecmc john mccain say rush attack on law student totally unacceptable .good for him. that s leadership.john sarah todd http ..draws big crowd in idaho..  goodinohio a vote for pro ndaa sopa romney santorum gingrich is a vote to reelect obama. ohprimary gop tcot tlot rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says.  msnbc pettybooshwah just a chevy idle production because no one is buying them they don t make financial sense .rt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director ..us super tuesday preview can mitt romney seal the deal for the republican nomination p2 tcot gop santorumrt notifyboston massachusetts join 9 other state in voting for the presidential primary don t miss out super ..rt drudge_report group sue for michelle obama vacation records.. rt postpolitics ohio poll show mitt romney gaining rick santorum volatile my new city. columbus ohio. rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot the ohio state s construction is the worst rt huffingtonpost colbert call rush limbaugh a poster boy for contraception rt cnnlive wolf blitzer moderate a special supertuesday cnn election roundtable with cnn s political team. live rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says.  newt won t vote in va primary tcot gop2012michigan basketball will reportedly play west virginia at barclays center next .. by sean yuille mar 6 2012..  drudge instead of ron paul draw big crowd in idaho you should revise ron paul draw big crowd in idaho link can i put this on obama and mitt us super tuesday preview can mitt romney seal the deal for the republican nomination p2 tcot gop santorumrt daveweigel how long ha it been since richard cohen wrote anything of value i m only 30. i may have missed it. shorter romney if you agree that corporation are people too then i m the guy you want to nominatea renewed adherence to liberty can save our nation today ronpaul supertuesday gop getemgone_88 when u moving to georgiart thedailybeast rt dailybeasttv jon stewart eviscerates rush limbaugh s attack on contraception. watch  quot rush quot santorum quot single mom are breeding criminals. quot waronwomenrt renate romney s family misspell their name in the greatest freudian slip in history. rt ckrafcik rep winslow of massachusetts say internet poker legislation expected in q1 2013. ignart ginadalfonzo off to vote for not mitt. sigh i really really hate this election. bostondotcom louise white my step great 2nd aunt once removed why didn t you tell me give her my twitter handle so she can find me..rt kennydeanjr alabama presidential polling number - yhpolitics teamsantorumal alpolitics tcot ricksantorum ..rt keder the fact that neither newt nor santorum is on the ballot in va should tell u something about the quality organization of th .. tomgms you still supporting rick take one for the team santorum so mitt romney wife said 250 million ain t rich must be niceron paul make me want to throw thing at thing more than any other politician in the entire world. notexaggeratingann romney doe not consider herself to be wealthysantorum single moms are breeding more criminals via motherjonesrt huffingtonpost watch carasantamaria try a body suit that add 50 year of age in 15 min talknerdytome s o to all the models from alaska sign up to blasturthoughts n upload ur photos n start networking vt. man charged with attempted murder kidnapping st. johnsbury vt. ap a vermont man is being held on 250 00.. rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. rt lisaeckelbecker employers in massachusetts say they re more confident about business conditions. rt thehill allen west i m willing and ready to join gop ticket by jtsthehill allenwest gop tcotrt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director ..in super tuesday s shadow ohio s poorest struggle to rise via huffingtonpost - hearbreakingrt wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 ..rt lizzwinstead i m reading romney s op-ed from 1992 advocating jerking off near play grounds. somanyopedsdiscoveredrt nomineleah today misogyny take form in the act of staying home from the polls. getouthervote usethe19th waronwomen supertuesdayrt wayneedh romney s tax plan will explode the defecit and help the rich i m sure he plan on paying for it by getting rid of ss ..mitt romney tell pro-israel group he would not hesitate to attack iran if president via bostondotcomtennessee get a thumb uprt politicalwire jon stewart take on rush limbaugh. so good.  chuckgrassley grahamblog senatorwicker johnboozman mike_johanns senmarkpryor senbillnelson fleeing ca rt washingtonpost does the easter bunny have a place in classroom rt cnni brazilian land vote spark fear for future of the rainforest know anyone for this job orthopaedic surgeon needed about 100 mile from oklahoma city in oklahoma city ok jobrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt huffingtonpost survey americans think americans are the world s worst tourist damn -- gt shinetime_steve cannible is not b.r.i.m he is s.h.i.t slawest human in tennessee. that is all.  wsj gwendolynbounds i do 99 of my own car repair a well a repair for friend family. i ve saved thousand over the years.check out my most recent blog update rocky top tennessee tiered tax at rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says.  adreian_payne hung up on me yesterday cause i had on ohio state gear my bad budin progress - live chat with our washington dc bureau chief thomas m. defrank supertuesday election2012 daily kos ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran daily kos ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran via dailykos cnnbrk sheep blitzer need to retire.rt wrh_mike_rivero if corporations are people romney is a serial killer ronpaul ronpaul2012 romney gingrich ewerickson keeping tv off a newt and romney hate-fest ad are obnoxious. georgians don t appreciate another sherman s march - by romneyrt stephenathome you know that warm tingly feeling you get when your foot fall asleep that s how i feel about mitt.rt time the era of smart device is upon u via techland rt wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 ..rt drudge_report winner of 336 million lottery jackpot is 81-year-old woman.. mitt go negative on rush - not the word i would have mitt no conservative-too negative 4 america ak primaryrt ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are. join me in t ..romney santorum square off in super tuesday battle romney turn pitch toward blue-collar woman voter via reutersrt washingtonpost does the easter bunny have a place in classroom rt thefluffpo follow our ongoing coverage of hank4senate a cat running for office in virginia. rt dailykos ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran romney say obama insufficiently pro-israel from sarahb_cbsnjlots of thing to cover today but most importantly it s supertuesday - if you re registered go vote if not go register  wesdimond i m in west virginia no fair rt wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 ..rt floraduh1 gingrich we will sign that day an executive order which a of that moment approves of the canadian pipeline to houst ..on super tuesday will mitt romney finally break out no more than a couple hundred people filled the room at t.. omg mitt n match courtesy hrc. too funny. i voted today ohio did you supertuesday rt michaelcholbi hey let s play who said it - santorum or the grand ayatollah rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price .. clairecmc desperate to talk about anything but your reckless spending failed economic record aren t you senator rt wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 ..r realy pro n con ariannahuff wow. romney s answer to q about what he d do about rising college costs..nothing wakenbake __ __ __ __ fuck supertuesday it stonertuesday in the oc.the polls have not closed yet ppl go withnewt vote for newtgingrich ak id nd ok ga oh tn vt hayleyholmesx what year is that georgia brown in at our school xmt dems running scared go mitt jacobkornbluh schumer romney by his empty rhetoric is recklessly dividing americans.. iran tcotrt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..wonder if it is possible to unmarry rick santorum. i have never married him but i d like to unmarry him anyway. rickdickulousrt sandyboynton the problem with leaving on that midnight train to georgia is you d end up in georgia sleepy and without a car. thoug ..rt usatoday happy 100th birthday oreo. celebrating centennial all year long  piersmorgan ron paul owned you on your own fascist show you nwo lackey.rt bostondotcom mt globetracyjan michelle obama will headline two dnc event in boston on friday after appearing in concord nh for ..1pm et - supertuesday id caucus technobuffalo on quad-core phone shipping cost cutting cost cutting gasprices at the pump philliplaird the elite are fighting a newt nomination because he know where the body are buried.a towering genius disdain a beaten path he seek region hitherto unexplored abraham lincoln ronpaul2012 chrisachkar you don t ever tweet but leave it to you to start on supertuesday haha fmckinnon newt so excited and proud. what about you mr. fred i want to go to ohio state my major will be nursingrt cnoahdub bob evans for breakfast. my oklahoma follwers don t know nothin bout that bob evans. yessirrt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. rt wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 ..once im out of east tennessee for good life will be perfect.rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall  georgiasalpa thanks no bother georgia please followrt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers  andrewenglish but i d rather see ron paul against obama. i think that d be quite epic.happy supertuesday patches all over georgia are live blogging the presidential primary patchtweet gaprimary goprt kellismith15 state budget cut hit small-town ohio wacko- johnkasich rachellynn786 tend2wobble theoinl_ve ..romney promise military option to stop iran nuke - denver post gingrich iran red line is now via tiponthetrailrt tonjucnn they call it supertuesday for a reason..10 state and some 419 delegate up for grabs. watch suzannemalveaux at 12pet cnnphoto tittytuesday vintage boobs sexy showyourtits virginia bell getting measured. anne romney saying she doesn t consider herself wealthy is like me saying i don t consider myself flat-ass dead-ass broke rt thedailybeast rt dailybeasttv jon stewart eviscerates rush limbaugh s attack on contraception. watch what to expect on tv tonight about super tuesday newt gingrich is leading in the poll to win the georgia prima.. rt wsjgraphics republicans and independents have rapidly lost enthusiasm for the 2012 election according to a new wsj poll. ..rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall limbaugh santorum contraception the church divided america or boys girls not together p2my north dakota prediction romney santorum paul gingrichrt thehill dem lawmaker repcohen to protest rush limbaugh by not buying clear channel ad rushlimbaughrt fearsomebuffalo newtgingrich supertuesday tcot 250gas my vote wa cast about 715 this morning mr. speaker. we all are looking ..highly recommended tennessee legislature for dummy class this saturday morni.. tcot teaparty watrpond deejgregory stephennreed newtanman paul and newt are close in delegates. newt might be ahead. but santorum is killing bothromney tell georgians he s best pick to beat obama - rt rollcall special election for payne s seat unlikely before nov. son donald payne jr. likely candidate. nj10 going to see my mom in ohio chyeeaa  senatorsanders cnbc cftc you are doing the good work senator. if we can go after rush we can go after speculationand this happened congratulations to all of the cusa courage player and alumnus advancing in ohio south odp to the state festival weekend 43 player total if i were romney s advisor i d suggest he dress like larry the cable guy for the rest of the campaign. win nickcarnes never been more tempted to vote for ron paul than now..never thought i d say thatculpeper downtown virginia - unique shopping and dining  daveweigel i don t care for richard cohen myself but dave that comment is way over the top nasty. c mon  supertuesday virginia poll close in just under seven hours. quentinrana need romney to be in the white housert chrisbrownzone chris brown posing with fan at urban outfitters in virginia yesterday rt predictions romney win ak id ma nd oh vt va. santorum win ok tn. newt win ga. romney win in oh basically end the race. supertuesdayrt thedailybeast rt dailybeasttv jon stewart eviscerates rush limbaugh s attack on contraception. watch oh and by the way.. romney s version included the individual manadate which at the time obama said that wa too much government force..rt huffingtonpost demi lovato open up about new eating disorder documentary rt opieradio happy super tuesday - somewhererightnow mittromney is trying to convince a group of people he s just like them.inside word is urban meyer constantly challenging ohio state receiver corp to step up that 2011 stats unacceptable. spring tol be intense.rt slimihendrix and the fact that you have to pay to enter that land that god forgot called virginia is just mind boggling.argument the fairbanks news-miner is in the top 99 of newspaper namert ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are. join me in t ..g night supertuesday xo ricksantorum you and tedhagardy should do lunch..you both seem to really like church. if god wa gay would you be an atheist toonin johnpar54229334 big debate but doesnt seem so. senjohnmccain call for syria strike but house gop say nyet a doe obama admin. niallofficial see you tomorrow im driving from georgia 5 hour to see you guy im so excited. follow me niall 1odd how the creative power at once brings the whole universe to order. virginia woolfrt clairecmc john mccain say rush attack on law student totally unacceptable .good for him. that s leadership.john sarah todd http .. nowwithalex pataki i hope gop will begin to talk about their plan not obama s plan the way romney stole potus s plan in iran op-edrt recordedfuture follow all of the supertuesday news and track the win sentiment for each gop candidate with our election app ht ..rt greenfield64 media would have treated a mitt mi loss a disaster--tonight will focus be on delegate a la obama-clinton if so w ..mitt romney tell pro-israel group he would not hesitate to attack iran if president via bostondotcom wsj sounds fair santorum is not the best christianity ha to offer rt thefix alex trebek trying to pronounce dr. tobias funke is a recipe for hilarity. gee.. house of republicans not informed of voting ward changes.. in massachusetts shocking.atrocious rt dailykos rick santorum single mother are breeding more criminal rt conservative_vw question when wa mitt romney lying now or before how do you know tcot teaparty su ..gingrich and limbaugh in a 2 for 1 rt zerohedge skynet is angry. skynet demand a sacrifice.play mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrc ronpaul still looking for 1st primary win - huckleberries online - - via spokesmanreviewrt dustindepp just voted for ricksantorum you should too romney santorum address aiapc on super tuesday.rt wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 .. jwarner1979 newtgingrich congratulations rt ariannahuff wow. romney s answer to q about what he d do about rising college costs..nothing rt clairecmc john mccain say rush attack on law student totally unacceptable .good for him. that s leadership.john sarah todd http ..rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall number of potential immigrant voters on the rise in key supertuesday states via immpolicycenter here is where i found middleburg heights ohio hotelslockheed martin rocket to launch from kodiak lockheed martin ha declared kodiak alaska to rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall  uvapress university of virginia press joins e-book consortium projectmuse ebook more book by subscription.2 day ago me and lavera visit romney in. it wa informed and competent..wondering about moving to virginia within a year if you live in tennessee don t forget to vote today  drudge_report winner of 336 million lottery jackpot is 81-year-old woman.. ..mommy i ve missed you ..rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..former ohio state player charged with drug possession in southern ohio after .. katiefreeland so glad to hear santorum s number have fallen drastically in the last few day here in tnrt magicvoice68 idleg in idaho house of reps rep bateman is railing against the 14th amendment since state should be free to ignore ..rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall six romney family members hit campaign trail for ron paul - guess who won t be voting in the gop primary via nbcwashingtonmaybe gulf shores again . or busch gardens in virginia.lockheed martin rocket to launch from kodiak lockheed martin ha declared kodiak alaska to rt time is immaturity becoming a medical condition via timehealthland mitt s wife ann say i don t even consider myself wealthy and the pope is not catholicrt josh_painter jc watts oklahoma ad vote for newt march 6 conservatives with newt tcot teaparty newt2012 ..edward burtynsky rock of ages 4 abandoned section adam-pirie quarry barre vermont 1991 why didn t romney buy local bonds to invest in usa rather hiding million in offshore caymans swissmitt supertuesday gop p2rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gas mmflint voted for ronpaul in virginia since mittromney can t figure out that he is out of touch with americalook out kileyyork.. its supertuesdayrt cnnpr supertuesday question for wolfblitzercnn tm join the 1st-ever cnnelections roundtable powered by cisco ..rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers  right now your biggest threat come from your own government ronpaul supertuesday gop today is primary day don t let the establishment tell you who to vote for. vote santorum every vote count in ma ma supertuesday ron paul will never be president. acceptitandmoveonrt wildncrazypearl play mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch ..rt robertmooreitv watching super tuesday in virginia is to see why president obama will win in november. major excitement deficit for .. etl test engineer - columbus oh-united states-columbus -ohiois romney out to destroy newt today negativeads supertuesdayi love supertuesdayis romney out to destroy newt today negativeads supertuesdaymitt romney can still claim belmont a home when it come time to vote today via bostondotcomerm pardon cp world report super tuesday romney iran jeremy lin rt stephenathome you know that warm tingly feeling you get when your foot fall asleep that s how i feel about mitt. must_bri_me i m not going home. i m going to virginia beachrt thedailyedge ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy. on the planet i came from i wouldn t even be considered middle class rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot  mittromney ..when keeping it real goes wrong..lol.. video news tcot p2 obama peopleschamprt tmj4steve tune in for live at 4 on todaystmj4 -- nbc news political director chucktodd join u to talk supertuesdayplay mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrcus republican presidential candidates promise hard line on iran former senator rick santorum call for us to gi.. rt romneytruth lying rino romney in 2007 wanted to grant amnesty to illegals. of course the romneybots will assure u he didn t ht ..rt cnnbrk u.s. other country offer to resume nuclear negotiation with iran eu foreign policy chief say rt expcols columbus 200th birthday set the stage for a year of success in ohio s largest and fastest growing city expcols 200columbusrt ronpaulaz rt flix1 ron paul will phase out the irs income tax federal reserve bank end the war and bring the troop home. newtgingrich s message to iran  niallofficial see you tomorrow im driving from georgia 5 hour to see you guy im so excited. follow me niall 2coach frank beamer and first book join forces to bring new books to virginia kids by first book roanoke va. m..  daveweigel admit it you miss az primary food  georgiasalpa you are my role model i love you georgia xxrt drudge_report group sue for michelle obama vacation records.. rt johnt92692 newtgingrich i m encouraging all my fellow ga friends patriots to go and support newt today we need a strong leader ..rt foxnewslive 1pm et - supertuesday id caucus technobuffalo on quad-core phone shipping cost cutting cost cutting gasprice ..check out the weather for lewisburg tennessee here rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall dear georgians - this eve if you spare me the sight of newt gingrich on my tv every day will give you my whole bobble head collection let it not be said that no one cared that no one objected once it s realized that our liberty and wealth are in jeopardy. ronpaul gop rt tim_maysports inside word is urban meyer constantly challenging ohio state receiver corp to step up that 2011 stats unacceptable. ..rt postpolitics what s the scene on supertuesday in your state send u photo description using votewatch  ma wamc massachusetts casino panel slow to form 2012-03-02 the massachusetts gaming commi.. casino gamblingi voted today because my vote matters. yours doe too. apathy help no one. vote supertuesday yourtaxdaddy a true reagan conservative would support obama not newt who lie non-stop and cheat on his wives. n1shab3np well after reading all of the georgia nicholson series - you remind n of the ace gang your all a dirty prt pollinsider the fact is romney ha not spent a beyond ordinary amount of money on this race. its that newt rick are well behind any .. senjohnmccain in tnr it s time to use american airpower in syria rt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director ..rt wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. columbus ohio- plan your next trip via havesippyblog put on a suit and tie mr romney. you re not fooling anyone by iainmartin1rt sandyboynton the problem with leaving on that midnight train to georgia is you d end up in georgia sleepy and without a car. thoug ..rt bostondotcom dropkick murphys to papelbon no more shipping up to boston redsoxrt nydailynews live now got a question about supertuesday talk politics with tom defrank in d.c. askareporter bluegrasspundit it is wise. look where it got rick. let s-pac mitt s suppor tell the worst. mitt-stick bo 2 it during debate on issues.rt pollbuster tying romney to limbaugh via politicalwirevote romneypoll q supertuesday is today. which primary caucus do you consider the most important to watch for voting trend ..rick santorum backers accuse mitt romney of advancing gay marriage  ricksantorum a vision and idea that you take straight from newt i d rather have the original. newt can handle the medium obama 250gasrt thedailybeast newt 2.50 gingrich mocks obama cheatsheetrt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..georgia owner financing home midlife women common question with the particular recent downturn throughout t..  div28super university of vermont postdoctoral position in drug abuse research university of vermont announces.. mike dewine santorum should take ohio via newsmax_media ricksantorum gameoni wish santorum s mother had bloody well put an aspirin between her knee contraception joenbc mccain graham are singing that old beach boys song bomb bomb bomb. bomb bomb iran oops wrong country. am i a damascus someone should inform newt that the msm isn t on the ballot nonewideas daveweigel it would be better if it were the fairbanks nose-miner .buy and compare bristol massachusetts life insurance  niallofficial see you tomorrow im driving from georgia 5 hour to see you guy im so excited. follow me niall 3so my choice for a vote are ron paul or mitt romney fuck em i just want to get away from ohio. i wanna go back to new york. iberdrola_en construction ha finished on iberdrola s 304mw blue creek wind farm in ohio.rt dailykos rick santorum single mother are breeding more criminal rt thedailybeast rt dailybeasttv jon stewart eviscerates rush limbaugh s attack on contraception. watch rt huffingtonpost when wa the moment you knew the art could move you rick santorum backers accuse mitt romney of advancing gay marriage by on top magazine staff surrogates of rick ..  niallofficial see you tomorrow im driving from georgia 5 hour to see you guy im so excited. follow me niall 4 rncresearch i am sure there will be no spin or politics. thanks in advance. stay on message war on women.rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. rt ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are. join me in t ..our founding fathers felt freedom wa worth their life fortune and sacred honor. do we ronpaul supertuesday gopfw usgbc-georgia chapter statewide events - march 2012 you re receiving this email because of your relationshi..  the truth newt gingrich this amazing video must be shared plz. withnewt supertuesday newtgingrich withnewtrip tanning mitt. going to struggle getting ready for work tonight my odds are on a sock but suggestion welcome. mittreplacement ngcaptured ya well you re forgetting them now because ron paul brings in more from vet than all others candidate combined. hypocritepaula deen brother sued for sexual harassment by joyce eng tv guide the former general manager of a georgia r..  usa news jury prospect bow out of virginia tech trial eu uki m at irma s burger shack 1120 classen dr. walker ave. oklahoma city so much rt rubengallego daveweigel admit it you miss az primary food rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt thefix neil young jimmy fallon and springsteen cover sexy and i know it . if this isn t the greatest thing it s close. ..listage sh t gordon ramsay says santorum cake rudy s can t fail cafe. photo tamara palmer is the food r..  tbozeglav talking about u potentially taking over a ne ohio s main college sport team a opposed to osu 150 mile away.rt henrybarbour thefix romney is consolidating the folk who want to defeat obama in november retain our majority in the house and t ..rt votaporsantorum puerto rico republican delegates support ricksantorum on supertuesday on march 18th santorum will win the puer ..rt nationaljournal romney say obama is insufficiently pro-israel rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..my ohio prediction romney santorum gingrich paulstand in solidarity with immigrant in massachusetts - ma is not arizona say no racial profiling p2 immigrationlive in west virginia looking for a place to hunt bear how about a place to shoot visit was all set to tweet while waiting at the bmv but this is magical ohio and there wa no line. alt title disappointment in modernity.  krisseemarie lol oh i remember the midwest. 5 year in ohio sunny one day 4 foot of snow the next. blechnewt 2.50 gingrich mocks obama cheatsheetnorth dakota voter why we need newt 4all2c ndcaucus nd gop rnc 250gasron paul ron paul brings hope to our government rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. .. eurow sheepskin wash amp polish mitt 4-pack eurowgriffin georgia vacant land for sale close to .. griffin georgia vacant land for sale close to central l.. rt maradydd thousands of dickpics being sent to the west virginia department of homeland security in 3 .. 2 .. rt ironman1776 mittromney is on message hitting his best stride while the others are whining falling back let s go ohio buckey ..rt big_papa_butina chrisachkar you don t ever tweet but leave it to you to start on supertuesday hahart wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 ..rt wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 ..rt cnn what are the key super tuesday state psteinhausercnn break down what win in ohio georgia tennessee mean ..rt patriot_mac withnewt protecting right to bear arm is essential part of american exceptionalism chatanoog ..rt sheiladennis rick santorum say it s gut check time no rick leave the sweater vest on please.new post super tuesday high stake for gop hopeful supertuesday lizzylynngarcia ditto supertuesday party afterparty  rowan_atkinson i wish i could meet you so i could get your autograph tattooed to my elbow come to ohio your one of my favorite comedian rt sunnydaydreamer the only people ronpaul will feel obliged to help are we the people not goldman sachs. he get his support from ..rt whinenot newt the only hope we have to beat obama is to have better idea to communicate clearly to break through his billion- ..rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot rt huffingtonpost holy katniss an exclusive first look at the hunger games adventures rt president super tuesday gingrich say rival won t bring fundamental change . idaho wolves safe for now wisconsin wolves in danger care2 causes this dumb as ohio weather..one day it be like 69 n sunny..the next day it s 24 n snowin..but then the snow turn to ice newtgingrich voted early for newt if i were a dem i d vote often jews and christians for santorum and this is darcy brandon i m a christian from california. if you believe a.. ick thisiswrong wakeupamerica rt treehugger mitt romney lt 3 the keystone xl pipeline romneymitt s wife ann say i don t even consider myself wealthy talk about living in a delusional bubble.rt avmavets shelters in ohio are housing several pet found after last week s tornado  american_bridge hate the people of michigan. yes the whole state of michigan. swingstateyou have one bad experience bottoming and suddenly you want to revoke all gay marriage everywhere. ricksantorum bottomingbuildscharacterron paul ha an interesting super tuesday strategy. currently looking up georgia laws so blair_turner1 and i don t break anymore.rabbi asks for ethic probe of house staffer  wsj that is a little harsh 14 . oh the sacrifice rt bocbocboccia supertuesday today we find out which candidate loses to obamart huffpostpol murkowski explains regret of supporting blunt amendment say she wouldn t vote for it again super tuesday churches that embrace santorum gingrich drive youth away but such display of partisan faith ar.. on my way to ikea atlanta. georgia ga atlanticstation spendingmoney driving atlanta ga  huffingtonpost the holy bible and gambling. we crucify and mock him everyday. if you don t understand then i guess i m not talking to you.super tuesday gingrich say rival won t bring fundamental change i am pumped for croupier tuesday. romney putting it all on not-black. santorum all doubling down on a jack in the hole.rt repdoherty if you re reading this from ak ga id ma nd oh ok tn vt or va you should be voting for mittromney today super ..ann romney doesn t consider herself wealthy lt that make me undermiddleclassrt davidmdrucker senatorreid on floor imploring 4 gop sprt to overcome highway bill filibuster say won t happen cuz r s taking orde ..rt time photos sled dog vs. 1049 miles. it s the iditarod ron paul warns sanction will motivate iran towards a nuke rt wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 .. bassmaster12 newt2012hq congratulations and thank you withnewtrt nbcnews lawsuit claim rape misconduct at d.c. marine barracks rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. will romney win ohio romney to afp on supertuesday i hope so. super tuesday mitt romney and rick santorum fight to the wire live rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall santorum ha a chancert motherjones santorum said in 94 that single mom were destroying fabric of the country. solution kicking them in the butt. ht .. patowmackfarm virginia based destinationsmag would like to get in contact with chef edwards for an upcoming issue.all those in super tuesday states ga tn ok oh ak id nd ma please vote for newt thank you. your support is greatly appreciated.rt taradublinrocks omg mitt n match courtesy hrc. too funny.  nowwithalex yeah according to pataki if economy improves under prezobama romney wins..what a douchegingrich and we will have an executive order to repeal every act of religious bigotry by the obama administration period. withnewt oh tnrt foxnews . fxnscitech exclusive unmasking the world s most wanted hacker lulzsec anonymousrt ronpaulnews will ron win idaho ronpaul lrpt linked ricksantorum if iran doesn t get rid of nuclear facilities we ll tear them down ourselves israel wawunitymarch the massachusetts facebook page ha disappeared on my fb page and i can t find it. what is the url for mass rt romneytruth lying rino romney in 2007 wanted to grant amnesty to illegals. of course the romneybots will assure u he didn t ht ..ron paul head for super tuesday delegate haul in fertile idaho  tulewind construction ha finished on iberdrola s 304mw blue creek wind farm in ohio.rt garebearesq shorter romney if you think all dog should ride on the roof of cars..then i m the guy you want to nominate p2rt whinenot newt on romney s winning strategy anyone who think romney can outraise obama it ain t going to happen fail super .. stephennreed watrpond deejgregory newtanman i want newt to win supertuesday tip sheet mittmentum v santorentum v paulmentum journalistic cliche up the yingyang rt welshmumof3boys are you looking for a stylish yet practical maternity and breastfeeding top babeswithbabies niallofficial see you tomorrow im driving from georgia 5 hour to see you guy im so excited. follow me niall 5rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. order get local flower delivery service from flowers and gifts by virginia fresh rose miramar flrt 10newskten oklahoma election preview oklahoma - super tuesday is upon us. oklahoma is a part of primary voting. th.. .. fredmattrickson then don t say you love freedom. you don t have any without ronpaul  ewerickson it is for me - it s a big issue not to worry - am not voting for romney rt patriot_mac withnewt protecting right to bear arm is essential part of american exceptionalism clarksvil ..rt iowans_rock faux news praising romney for staying out of contraception debate. we wouldn t want a nominee talking about freedom an ..my own private idaho and the mamas and the papas are protective..free dating site virginia  thinkprogress advertiser revolt rushlimbaugh lt the comment by joe hadeed say it bestalaska voter why we need newt 4all2c akcaucus ak gop rnc 250gasidaho gop poised for busy night of caucus idcaucus rt lolgop mitt romney i won t light my hair on fire to be elected. but iran s hair..rt pc1170 just voted for rick santorum.despite apology rush limbaugh loses more advertiser romney s careful response speaks to the sway limbaugh hol.. rick santorum s ohio delegate problems pile up looks like rick s ride is getting bumpy. time to move on.. vote newtrt thebearnation missouri state baseball home opener today at 4 00 v oklahoma state. come on out sgf msubears mvchardballits freaking beautiful out. in ohio it d be freazing i m loving this mizzouri weatherron paul brings hope to our government yahoo - by courtney kunze every time i have heard someone complain about.. rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechperception is reality ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy via fmanjoorhode island woman 81 win powerball 336 million it s warm and beautiful again today i m excited but georgia this is how people get sick. makeupyodamnmindfoolstate suspicious package found in senate rt joenigm before you vote today ask yourself. who would best take the fight to the medium and obama that s newtgingrich ga tn ok ..how about ron paul evalongoria we are the ohio state university campaign for the president. today is supertuesday in oh..can we get a rt vote obama2012 thisweekend worcester spring home show worcester massachusetts march 9th to 11th working the poll for ronpaul2012 no romney volunteer in sight. arrogant showshedoesntcare camarocowboy want more quality follower go on over to newtmovement i think you can follow just about anyone there if you like. withnewtrt nickgillespie supertuesday tip sheet mittmentum v santorentum v paulmentum journo cliche up the yingyang  washingtonpost what if supertuesday wa like whackamolewhy romney is the rodney dangerfield of american politics. a 27 yr old guy from california just replied to a 24 yr old chick in west virginia looks like they re getting along liberty painter is giving away free ron paul poster  ajc anyone know how much it cost georgia corp tax credit cost louisiana 3b in 5 year nola daveweigel whoa whoa whoa..you re only 30 get some rest or you re gonna look like helen thomas in ten years.rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall msnbc s lawrenceo donnell reveals the big lie romney keep getting away with how obama will crush him with it rt liteworkr it s super tuesday..tell everyone to get out vote 4 ron paul rt rulebyus rt nicholsuprising thetford vermont vote 147-3 for amending constitution to overturn citizensunited. ..rt drudge_report group sue for michelle obama vacation records.. rt dacw10 newt talk the talk but doe not walk the walk. ok can t risk everything on newt tcot teaparty ohp ..pinterest and evernote webinar sponsored by napo-georgia is tonight it s not too late to register  gop polls santorum leading in three delegate-rich states teaparty tcotpolls santorum leading in three delegate-rich states newsdan romney sat here swartwout romney and santorum still won t stand up to limbaugh. they are afraid they ll get the fluke treatment. bullying is how they roll in gop-land supertuesday bash at topaz bar serf candidate-themed cocktail rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeech s for today will gingrich crack 50 in ga who win oh and tn will paul win nd or ak if romney sweep is santorum doomed supertuesdaynewt proposed pushing global warming on school kid in his 2007 book. ohprimary tn ga nd al ok k ma atl idex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran like it it really is the worst isn t it in my adult life surely. rt ginadalfonzo off to vote for not mitt. sigh i really hate this election. ohio newspapers associat.. is featured on our homepage. ron paul brings hope to our government ronpaul2012rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeech newssr nope. the michigan turnout wa higher a we know how well newt did there - a whopping 7 . huffingtonpost you are all about making change in the world. here is another opportunity. listen rt letsmakeachange goldi_loxx lol nah i just want a different job cause they won t transfer me to georgiart mittrmoney can t spell romney without money sucker mitt2012 rmoney goprt pollbuster tying romney to limbaugh via politicalwireron paul talked homeschooling with tim tebow michele bachmann r-minn. hit similar themes. tebow doesn t dr..  eugenemirman huffingtonpost rick should start a band santorum and the felchersohio voter why we need newt 4all2c ohprimary oh gop rnc 250gassecura insurance v. horizon plumbing inc. state auto property casualty insurance company an ohio insuring c..  attackwatch2 i have to have faith t mitt would not have the audacity to lie to an electorate desperate to end this obama madness tcotnewt gingrich to get secret service protection  senatormenendez thrilled to lobby with aipac today super tuesday gingrich say rival won t bring fundamental change per nielslesniewski former illinois senator roland burris is. here.presidential preference primary is today your choice are michele bachmann newt gingrich jon huntsman gary .. ron paul brings hope to our government yahoo - by courtney kunze every time i have heard someone complain about.. rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gas uk news crack polls santorum leading in three delegate-rich states middleton kate rtboehner open to senate highway bill rt ariannahuff watch howard fineman on the establishment of america s first overtly religious major political party rt zerohedge rasmussen - obama romney run near even when it comes to major issues- maybe cause they are the same president ..rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechnorth dakota backpacking tent rental-3 person marmot tent for rent-nd backpacking gear rentals north dakota.. i m delighted to announce that the winner of the recruiter give-away is for rue by georgia phillips .. only at virginia collegert theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeech theplumlinegs thinkprogress thx for posting this great to hear who vote for santorum i mean seriously come on people thats a joke beautiful day here in georgiart theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasmaterion acquires aerospace metal composites materion corporation of mayfield heights ohio acquired aerospac.. rt edwgillespie voted for gov romney this am like fellow virginians bobmcdonnell ericcantor pro-growth strong leadership.rt cnnsitroom starting now cnn supertuesday election roundtable live powered by ciscosystems webex. watch at rt renate romney s family misspell their name in the greatest freudian slip in history. ron paul brings hope to our government ronpaul2012rt chrisbrownzone chris brown posing with a female fan in virginia rt i wanna hang with a georgia boy lukebryanobsession yummy _carolinemorrowrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers  cannabuice come to virginia. betterthanfloridart 1hotitalian what doe scott brown and mittromney have in common they both acquired the same voters. should tell you something. vo ..rt floraduh1 gingrich and we will have an executive order to repeal every act of religious bigotry by the obama administration period ..idaho chamber alliance - working for our business economy ..rt pc1170 just voted for rick santorum. newtgingrich i might suggest you read up growing algae for fast oil production.rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says.  i m an imperfect messenger but the message is perfect ronpaul supertuesday gop if only santorum were a rich man ohio - eib - the rush limbaugh show time to give limbaugh the bum s rush..the tax fee hc mandate gov of ma bluegrasspundit romney say he won t say outrageous thing about the president rt washingtonpost these golfer want the right to drink earlier - at 6 30 a.m.  thefix did you see colbert rap jay z s line with alicia keys singing their new york song. omgrt liteworkr dr. ron paul is truly 4 the people of the usa. he will keep in place our constitution bill of rights-which he ha dedica ..or romney could be rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. .. gop2012 if they were comic book character mitt romney is richie rich. of course he s trying to pas himself off a sluggo.everybody complains about pork but member of congress keep spending because voter do not throw them out of office for doing so ronpaulnational park service in alaska may allow limited harvest of some item for subsistence us rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechgeorgia moms plan surprise for legislators demand breastfeeding law enforcement best for babes via bestforbabesrt bostondotcom bobby valentine is putting his fingerprint on every aspect of preparation for the season redso ..rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechnewtrending topics w tim blockheadnyc - this week snooki biden taylor swift rick santorum brad pitt more rt drudge_report group sue for michelle obama vacation records.. rt drudge_report group sue for michelle obama vacation records.. my oklahoma prediction santorum romney gingrich paul shinetime_steve cannible is not b.r.i.m he is s.h.i.t slawest human in tennessee. that is all. -- hahaha damnrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechgreen donor bet on mitt romney flip-flop - darren samuelsohn - via politiconewt we need a fundamental reassessment of our entire understanding of the threat of radical islam supertuesday 250gas withnewtrt drudge_report winner of 336 million lottery jackpot is 81-year-old woman.. rt ap ap photos here are the most recent photo of republican presidential candidate mitt romney -cj supertuesdayrt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gassuper tuesday is one of my favorite day romney2012listening to mittens romney is like listening to potato chips. empty syllables. hankshandheld ricksantorumrt conservative_vw newt gingrich gt remember this is a president that went from yes we can to why we couldn t gotta luv ..make sure you vote today ohioans ronpaul 2012 this is just crazy. rt cnnbrk ohio fire chief blame fatal nursing home fire on secret meth lab  votesendemsout 51 support 0 s attack on religious freedom. support teaparty candidates. withnewt tcot caprimary ga tnron paul brings hope to our government yahoo - by courtney kunze every time i have heard someone complain about.. golden virginia lt 3 next best thing when you cant afford fag anymore. damn you recession  mittromney barackobama speakerboehmer franklautenberg senatormenendez with respect to iran we have all the cont rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt rnc green firm get federal dollar give executive bonus and.. fail obmamaonemptyrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt theplumlinegs not even blaming obama will bail rush out of his mess this time hay tennessee joe scarborough mitt romney lied about individual mandate health care .. - huffington post rt markknoller happy 100th birthday to the oreo cookie. first sold on this day in 1912 to a grocer in hoboken nj.deadline to apply for economic injury disaster loans in vermont is april 9 - sacramento bee rick santorum at penn state rooster liked to chug via huffingtonpostrt govexec gingrich vow to strengthen fundamentally timid spy agency gop candidate pledge overhaul of state watching bizzarefoods got me wanting to go to west virginia n shit lol thataintrightmitt romney -- a deeply deeply flawed candidate - news talk 790 kfyo rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt drudge_report group sue for michelle obama vacation records.. rand paul on why santorum is wrong about everything  rcp_articles no just the country s.rt ronpaulnews will ron win idaho ronpaul lrptrt msnbc rhode island woman 81 win powerball 336 million rt j3vol you can take that to the bank obama war hypocrite bringthemhome ronpaul ilprimary famouslies i m at schlotzsky s deli 2771 georgia 54 peachtree city ga 30269 peachtree city ann romney is talking awkwardly about money now too - yahoo news via yahoonewsrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt patriot_mac withnewt lifetime nra mbr unequivocally support gunrights. memphis nashville knoxville c ..rt usatoday photos supertuesday voter turn out a contest get underway tweet the scene at your polling place rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt wayne_oliver live in ga tn ok oh ak id nd or ma want 250gas lower tax and balanced budget. then vote4 newtgingrich. w ..rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeech larrysabato chucktodd has anybody tested latino turnout in a romney v obama race with rubio on ticket former ohio state player charged with drug possession in southern ohio after ..new in education governor mike huckabee to speak at ohio homeschool convention governor mike huckabee to provi.. rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. i m diagnosed with newt phobia anxiety some suggest is fear in search of a cause. no question of the fear or cause here supertuesdayrt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. goose creek football standout to commit to georgia bulldogs the post and courier - via postandcouriersantorum back nullifying existing gay marriage via sfgate wtf _ rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeech teamwhitegirl im tellin you..oklahoma man12 18 pm 47f feels 44 f ssw6 mph light breeze gst 16 mph bp 30.5inhg rh 40 24hrrn 0 cb 6069 lancaster ohio weatherrt usatoday second radio station drop limbaugh rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. rt ewerickson low turnout in middle georgia.boston archives romney arrested in 1981 for illegal boating records sealed happy super tuesday ifyouthinkaboutitplay mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrcrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt thereal_lukec east georgia might be the spot rt brendazitzman i voted today because my vote matters. yours doe too. apathy help no one. vote supertuesdaycouple month ago me and virginia visit astoria il. it wa preference and prejudice..rt ronpaulsvoice a renewed adherence to liberty can save our nation today ronpaul supertuesday gopsantorum the fabric of this country is falling apart because of single moms. cavil deanna agree it s time to box his model.rt imsure rt whinenot newt the only hope we have 2beat obama is 2have better idea 2communicate clearly 2br8k thru his billion-d ..rt sierra_club mitt makes it official he s with big oil - via treypollard_sc  veteransunited fun to watch. sad and scary to hear. supertuesdayrt theharryshearer newt i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. humble to be bold. humbleboldrt maddowblog newt moon base gingrich say algae-for-energy come from cloud cuckoo land  niallofficial see you tomorrow im driving from georgia 5 hour to see you guy im so excited. follow me niall 6rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeech ewerickson voting for santorum after work 5pm atlanta area. i knew you were wondering..lolrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt drudge_report winner of 336 million lottery jackpot is 81-year-old woman.. house beginning w center aisle presentation honoring hero serving in the virginia s national guard. rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeech georgiasalpa bradley_gleeson fhm yep georgia u were my fav 2rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. .. thytagcody143 i am from georgia tbilisi and u lt 3rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall santorum gear up for super tuesday north dakota wins victory over epa haze rule epaabuse tcot cbrookman1 can t hate mitt..he doe nothing hate-able. bland but not hate-able.so nice in north dakota..this is wierd for march rt drudge_report ron paul eye nd.. rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt huffingtonpost watch carasantamaria try a body suit that add 50 year of age in 15 min talknerdytome rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt hrc mitt n match romney s jarring inconsistencies on lgbt equality rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt ginthegin newt vows to increase awareness of radical islamic threat via nationaljournal ohprimary ga tn ..rt power1035 get out and vote it s super tuesday in oklahoma.. rockthevote polls open til 7pmrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt msnbc chevy volt named european car of the year in bob mcdonnell s virginia via maddow that little girl look like a terrorist feminazi to me arrest her rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrepublicans alwys nominate the runner-up from four year ago. is romney next not if i can help it royal rd 2 romneyoklahoma - eib - the rush limbaugh show time to give limbaugh the bum s rush..lol rt borowitzreport in a jean-claude van damme film romney would be the president santorum would be a ceo who is really a terrorist.in tha cut in tha cut rollin blunts up sorry wizkhallifa we smoke blunts in ohio well some pplrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechjust prof how important and significant the lover of israel are that on supertuesday romney and santorum candidate address aipac.rt yougivemefever7 mitt s clear channel discontinue rush limbaugh s radio talk show. signoni m tired a f i can t wait til this vacation to georgia in may lol rt mr_twittybop yea romney or santorum rt moneyteammayo walkerrell mr_twittybop romney got this .. republicansunitedrt patriot_mac newt the right to bear arm is designed to safeguard freedom. nra clarksville fanklin johnsoncity kingsport gop2 ..he s got a point gingrich romney is rich enough not to worry about gas prices rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot oklahoma s donaldson named risk management professional of year kristina donaldson commercial insurance accoun.. rt washingtonpost does the easter bunny have a place in classroom oklahoma tax attorney rod polston is taking a personal approach to solving irs problems fun fact you re subject to fine and or imprisonment for making ugly face at dog in oklahoma.do virginia agency hit black worker harder over double-dipping accusation political watch why newt gingrich isn t voting on super tuesday construction ha finished on iberdrola s 304mw blue creek wind farm in ohio. the project feature 152 gamesa g90 2mw turbines.ron paul star in 1983 congressional baseball game rt paulxharris idaho sure is pretty. 3 day until afternoon dwiight travel to the ohio state univerity to represent uw-stout in the nirsa nccs.. rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt virginiaminute virginia virtucon did you know there are 50 more democrats than republicans in virginia  thinkprogress you really have to make a ticker for it rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers national veterans creative arts festival set for massachusetts rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt msnbc rhode island woman 81 win powerball 336 million rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechsingle family house construction real estate agent in murphy single family house construction real estat.. idahort theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechturnout in ohio not very super so far rt johnkingcnn johnpar54229334 big debate but doesnt seem so. senjohnmccain call for syria strike but house gop say nyet a doe ..rt skulman7 ronpaul super tuesday letsgo preciousliberty news super tues 2012 go withnewt plan to strengthen economy constitution 2012gop ga oh 250gasrt cpeterka farleftofright rush s bos is.. mitt romney bain capital along w a prvt equity co owns clear channel. therefore mit ..rt dustindepp just voted for ricksantorum you should toort theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt edwgillespie voted for gov romney this am like fellow virginians bobmcdonnell ericcantor pro-growth strong leadership.mitt s wife ann say i don t even consider myself wealthy when none of your friend work how would you know rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt umichbball michigan will play west virginia on december 15 2012 at the soon-to-be-opened barclays center in ny. ..rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt joshmillard i am pumped for croupier tuesday. romney putting it all on not-black. santorum all doubling down on a jack in the hole.rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt lizzwinstead i m reading romney s op-ed from 1992 advocating jerking off near play grounds. somanyopedsdiscoveredrt msnbc supercalifragilisticexpialidocious songwriter dy  thinkprogress so much fun to see the fa cat squirm. i know it hurt rush i just dont care i always crack up thinking of ron paul peering into vaginas.rt norml massachusetts bill to regulate and tax marijuana is scheduled for a hearing on today at 1pm normlrt nytimes lulzsec hacking suspects are arrested rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt senatormenendez today i lost a close friend colleague donald payne. nj the world lost a tireless voice for justice. my thought ..announcing oklahoma city ballet s 2012-13 season raising the barre the phrase raising the bar is an.. rt mollyesque if you want to win catholics you don t unnecessarily throw up on jfk strategist tell roarty_nj re santorum. ..rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeech aheirloom s virginia state cutting board aheirloomit s super tuesday ronpaulrt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy. progressive offers berkshire massachusetts life insurance i m sick and have nothing to do. i don t understand what s so super about this tuesday supertuesdayrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechplay mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrcrt fromla difference between ronpaul and the rest is like the difference between an apple tree and a dusty artificial cactus supertuesdaywe had the most amazing hot chocolate -- sao thome -- at vermont s lake champlain chocolates this weekend.. rt amateurgourmet mitt romney may be rich but only oven mitt romney will keep your hand safe ovenmittromney2012about to go vote in the georgia primary election. americausgs release first alaska ns shale oil natgas resource esti 2 billion bbl of crude oil and 80 tcf of natgas rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt voteindecan ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran politics newssr even if true so what newt can t base his entire candidacy on one state. 50 state vote after all newt won t even win 5.rt wsj the period between apple product launch and their actual sale ha seen an average gain in the stock of 4.53 super tuesday.. really hope ron paul pull this thing out doubtitthoughnational briefing south virginia breathalyzer tests for sailors the navy will soon start giving breathalyze.. voters we don t like any of you live update on huffingtonpost supertuesdayrt thefix neil young jimmy fallon and springsteen cover sexy and i know it . if this isn t the greatest thing it s close. ..rt ariannahuff so doe this mean god s happy with everywhere that s not hit with a natural disaster  senatorsanders ariannahuff what are we going to do about this cyber security bill cyber law rt whinenot newt we need a fundamental reassessment of our entire understanding of the threat of radical islam supertuesday 250g ..rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt tpm newt gingrich to get secret service protection rt whinenot newt we need a fundamental reassessment of our entire understanding of the threat of radical islam withnewt ohiort wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 ..rt drudge_report group sue for michelle obama vacation records..  nowwithalex republicans endorse romney reluctantly -- say it 5 time fast it is too painful and consistent to be explained otherwise  mittromney barackobama speakerboehmer franklautenberg senatormenendez with respect to iran we via rozrnrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt thinkprogress breaking five more company pull ad from rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 20 advertiser overall. ..basically the gop hope for 2012 is mitt romney morphing into ronald reagan. somewhat unlikely.supporting santorum means rejecting the tea party lockheed martin rocket to launch from kodiak lockheed martin ha declared kodiak alaska to be the preferred w.. rt ronpaulaz rt flix1 ron paul will phase out the irs income tax federal reserve bank end the war and bring the troop home.. daveweigel this bus need more than one bathroom..that would be a good change of pace. shitcampaignreporterssayit s nice to know that no matter who win super tuesday - robo romney or sanctimonious santorum - the republican party loses. let s chuckle newt we need an administration with the courage to use the word radical islam. tcot supertuesday 250gas withnewtrt time photos how trapeze artist get into shape on supertuesday it romney 309 santorum 21 gingrich 5 paul 2 rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt drudge_report winner of 336 million lottery jackpot is 81-year-old woman..  rolandsmartin what s up with cnn are you coming back we miss yourt cnnpolitics join wolfblitzercnn and cnnpolitics team supertuesday noon for first-ever cnn election roundtable video chat. ..rt pc1170 just voted for rick santorum.rt wayne_oliver live in ga tn ok oh ak id nd or ma want 250gas lower tax and balanced budget. then vote4 newtgingrich. w ..rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt nytimes critic s notebook kindle singles genre between magazine articles and books rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechlet s go rick ricksantorum supertuesday rt usatoday photos supertuesday voter turn out a contest get underway tweet the scene at your polling place my tennessee prediction santorum romney gingrich paulromney to rally at the westin copley place tonight after what he hope is a super tuesday that will solidify hi.. rt thedailybeast some georgetown student back sandrafluke in limbaugh flap others feel muzzled rt msnbc rhode island woman 81 win powerball 336 million rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt iamstimy if you don t support ronpaul you should move to north korea.rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot rt okstatefair today is oreo s 100th birthday who love deep-fried oreos from the oklahoma state fair  theyoungturks everythingisevarything right now rick santorum is not from the working class - opinion - al jazeera english via ajenglishcool it with the sign for mitten romney downtown np miles dont mean anything - eye alaska lt 3 this song reminds me of _amazingarii loon_unit i m sure that for santorum democratic president criminal rt ariannahuff how the sleep deficit is damaging america s long-term health sleepweek increases in taxes on shale may mean income tax cut for ohio resident shalegas tax taxcut rt bmangh romney surrogate trump trashes george will a loser with little round spectacles and cute little greasy haircut .. washingtonpost where will ron paul s supporter go for the general election that s easy.. obama.rt zerohedge rasmussen - obama romney run near even when it comes to major issues- maybe cause they are the same president ..super tuesday a challenge for santorum in ohio cuyahoga falls ohio ap -- rick santorum is facing a crucial test..  newtgingrich humble bold reagan conservative 3 religs 3 wife 3mm lobbying for fnm. beam it up to moon base scottie. u done. tcotturnout light a ohio poll open for primary senate politicsrt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasmassachusetts voter why we need newt 4all2c maprimary ma gop 250gasrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechgeorgia cursed me. wipeout and then i dropped my phone in the bathroom and it skidded under another stall. rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechcivil discourse now paul k. ogden commented on mark small s blog post would a santorum epa place.. by hoosier herald the freedom message unites u all it doe not divide u ronpaul supertuesday gop rt tpm newt gingrich to get secret service protection how super is your tuesday i m looking forward to tomorrow and some respite from the incessant romney and santorum ohio advertising.rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt citizens4mitt romney will bring certainty predictability in bringing job to america supertuesday election oh id al sd ok .. time lol so many lie in 1 sentenceyou bet your dupa i voted today i voted for ronpaul we need to get a president in the white house who can actually run a country govotert theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt adamgabbatt i ve been hearing the song georgia peaches by lauren alaina a lot over the last 24 hours. it s horrible. ..the caucus gingrich promises to move american embassy to jerusalem on day 1 ny timesrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt maddowblog newt moon base gingrich say algae-for-energy come from cloud cuckoo land on saturday gingrich tn co-chair switched to support santorum tngop tnprimary santorum gingrich gagop idgop ndgop sgp gop ohgopron paul get endorsement from five member of romney s family - yahoo news via yahoonewsrt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director ..rt rednett philliplaird the elite are fighting a newt nomination because he know where the body are buried.rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt mikehudema breaking four arrested for blocking tarsands megaloads in idaho climate obama cdnpolii tweet for ron paul myvotefactor tweet your vote 2012 republican primaries ronpaulif you re in ohio today i implore you to vote ron paul. but for the sake of the country please don t vote santorum.control tower analyst - alpharetta georgia job rt drudge_report draws big crowd in idaho.. rt rene_devries six romney family members hit campaign trail - for ron paul - rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeech realdonaldtrump squawkcnbc mittromney well said by the 1 greed party boycott the 4brothers rush donald david and charles kochi wonder if they can stop him from gaffe rt tpm newt gingrich to get secret service protection  jackdobbyn just a warning i am a ron paul guy. - here we go. thoughts a they come to me. ronpaul2012civil discourse now paul k. ogden commented on mark small s blog post would a santorum epa place.. by hoosier heraldortho event in massachusetts rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechopinion obama s flashing red light to netanyahu on iran by anne penketh iran israel aipacno branch of gov should be able to act unilaterally no matter how cumbersome the legislative process may be ronpaul supertuesday gop cewallace1422 you brokedd my knee aha with every hill in ohiort clairecmc john mccain say rush attack on law student totally unacceptable .good for him. that s leadership.john sarah todd http ..rt jwarner1979 performing my biannual civic duty and proudly casting my ballot for the next potus newtgingrich church next door ..rt zerohedge rasmussen - obama romney run near even when it comes to major issues- maybe cause they are the same president ..rt kathleenmadigan in honor of supertuesday n the candidate still tryin to trick u i ll b wearing a cape tht say vote for roseann ..rt ariannahuff shorter krugman it s the austerity stupid rt time is immaturity becoming a medical condition via timehealthland rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechone more reason we should trade ohio for quebec. nursing home meth lab fire rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt gayla7 santorum higher-income people don t have to pay tax the raw story via addthis harpamystabler any moderate republican who is in power or ha power. chris christie romney boehner etc. are all establishment rino s. a must read ronpaul fan romneypaulpact vote newt via yahoonews ma id oh ma vt ok ga tn nd newt2012hqplay mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrchistoric lynchburg tennessee whiskey steak burger seasoning review  tpm newt gingrich to get secret service protection from his big mouth rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechi love you ricksantorum lt 3 lt 3 lt 3 lt 3 effortless enrolling retire early. cincinnati ohio. life is good with wom mobile deals. start free.. rt huffingtonpost survey americans think americans are the world s worst tourist rt huffingtonpost should word like tranny and faggot ever be used  brent_willman im going to vote for the black guy. not ideal candidate but much better than romney imho2 weeks.. alone.. with stephheacock .. this summer.. alaska..rt micahhalpern just prof how important and significant the lover of israel are that on supertuesday romney and santorum candi ..rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall if running a campaign is the easy part..and running a country is hard..then why can t romney a good campaign justaskinggo newt rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeech painted_eel newt gingrich s falkor aint got nothin on your totally metal iguana tattoo. newtgingrich reagan heading to the course for my first tournament a a pro forecast is for wind good thing i lived in oklahoma. birdie makeeverythingrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeech jpodhoretz - clarifying previous tweet..i would still vastly prefer to have romney win..but would be able to live with win in congress.rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall  thefix sorry i have to pay for that. abc cbs nbc davidbrooksnyt said re barackobama s foreign policy he obama has been pretty good mittromney rt jybyrd420 fredmattrickson then don t say you love freedom. you don t have any without ronpaul  ggreenwald so if it were romney-obama or better yet paul-obama who would you pick rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeecha 35 yr old fellow from texas just replied to a 49 yr old woman in ohio looks like they re getting along play mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrchope that doesn t break rock city chattanooga tennessee photo a romney nomination would be the biggest disaster for the gop since bob dole.rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt purplekimchi viralmedia digitaltext the internet is awesome. exhibit b rt ariannahuff who said it mitt romney or mr. burns ..rt whinenot newt s aipac speech this morning.. gingrich to obama deliver red line ultimatum to iran supertue ..rt bradleybeers go vote today it s your civic duty ricksantorum ha my vote pic of brother alex young from lambda-xi chapter georgia college state university in bologna. twotowers aekdb rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt theatlanticwire european banker hire bp and lehman brothers pr pro rt whinenot newt we need a fundamental reassessment of our entire understanding of the threat of radical islam supertuesday 250g ..rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..no honestly why are they the worst i can t stand it. rt shapattack about to lose my mind with virginia driver mt even a broken clock is right 2x p day ingrahamangle ron paul israel should do what it need to do. we shouldn t tell them what to do.scenes from super tuesday the final push one woman worry about her romney vote santorum strong in at least one o so if ann romney say she measure wealthy in family and friend doe that mean 5 boy weren t enough  3dragon wadhwa only if the student here want to be educated. we have de-valued education here ref santorum . culture need to change.rt thenyic stand in solidarity with immigrant in massachusetts - ma is not arizona say no racial profiling p2 ..two reason why i hate rick santorum he want to get rid of birth control and he want to stay in afghanistan until we win .this wind reminds me of oklahoma lol. y all think this is bad nigguhplzrt chief_isbell all oklahoma resident get out there and be heard. march 6th primary. restoreamerica ronpaul repronpaulrt whinenot newt we need a fundamental reassessment of our entire understanding of the threat of radical islam supertuesday 250g ..rt whinenot newt we need an administration with the courage to use the word radical islam. tcot supertuesday 250gas withnewtrt msnbc rhode island woman 81 win powerball 336 million the eight presidents from virginia - their birthplace part 3 john tyler zachary taylor and woodrow wilson via po_strt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechromney and santorum locked in dead heat financialtimesnaic wade into contraception fight - santorum hit romney on mandate .. rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt sierra_club mitt makes it official he s with big oil - via treypollard_sc rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechhearing santorum speak would make me side with the cylons if romney hadn t already beaten me to it.rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt physemp family practice in tennessee primary care physician needed in memphis tn. these are employed positions. pelosi s back in a gop ad . . . except in this case it s in a bitter illinois gop primary rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director ..it s supertuesday and you know what that mean - we find out which candidate is going to be on snl for the next few months.can t wait to see what happens this beautiful supertuesday get to watch a dogfight and barackobama s first presser in 5 month p2 cacarrillo every day it go on longer the weaker mitt get imho. i m still holding out for the possibility of a brokered convention.rt endorsemitt newt gingrich praise gov. mitt romney s business experience cpac 2010 endorsemitt tcot gop ..just took a shit. does that count a voting for ricksantorum in today s primary rt eugenemirman only when talking about rick santorum. rt huffingtonpost should word like tranny and faggot ever be used ..blue sky open road loud music hittin the slope is a supertuesdayrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall  mittromney from a front runner into the presumptive leader.rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechvoted. go ronpaul.romney s family misspell their last name in the greatest freudian slip in history.  joenbc how do u feel about ur gay fan finding you soo hot  forewasabi and the tennessee titans on deck..oklahoma tax attorney rod polston is taking a personal approach to solving irs problems rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechnew post panning for gold in alaska not sure he s even from this century lol rick santorum is not from the working class-al jazeera english via ajenglish georgiasalpa love you georgia you are so gorgeous please tweet back babe xxrt ohioudeltagamma it s our birthday 19 year of doing good at ohio university happybirthdayzetarho deltagammathe great blog of virginia gt gt baseball drops two of three over the weekend takes on jmu today rt huffingtonpost 21 amazing ted talk you have to watch rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeech niallofficial see you tomorrow im driving from georgia 5 hour to see you guy im so excited. follow me niall 8santorum target obama dempsey in aipac speech from rebecca_cbsnj georgiasalpa love u georgia xxrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt catholiclisa linked ricksantorum a message from rick striking distance wepickrick santorum oh tn ok ga ..3 day until afternoon dwiight travel to the ohio state university to represent uw-stout in the nirsa nccs.. rt davidaxelrod worth reading romney shooting blank on iran. rt villagevoice karen santorum stands by her man defends rick santorum s record on women s issues rt alwaysright1776 vote newt..solutions not rhetoric. 250gasdon t do it. rt kaotickyoko no rt dha_truaquarian wondering about moving to virginia within a year  we can achieve more in peace than we ever can in these needle unconstitutional undeclared wars. ronpaul supertuesday gop rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechromney and santorum locked in dead heat financialtimes niallofficial see you tomorrow im driving from georgia 5 hour to see you guy im so excited. follow me niall 9rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechvirginia tech fan gt gt 10 players to watch this spring reputed and certified culinary schools for girls in georgia rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt ruidopolitico i m an imperfect messenger but the message is perfect ronpaul supertuesday gop  conservative_76 if you believe rick santorum wouldn t be a conservative president because of his take one for the team comment that s sadrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt zerohedge rasmussen - obama romney run near even when it comes to major issues- maybe cause they are the same president ..rt washingtonpost does the easter bunny have a place in classroom  newt2012 changed dc before can do it again balanced the budget. reformed welfare. kept his contract w the ppl. teaparty supertuesdayrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt ginthegin newt vows to increase awareness of radical islamic threat via nationaljournal ohprimary ga tn ..great reason to visit idaho in april high water thrilling upclose action extra event for pre post race fun. you know we ve sunk to the depth when i m touting nixon s virtue over the current gop field. supertuesdayrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechromney s super tuesday polls surge after he begins flaunting his wealth the onion - america s .. rt theonio.. when i read news story about mitt romney i often picture robert tilton in my head.rt theatlanticwire european banker hire bp and lehman brothers pr pro rt drudge_report group sue for michelle obama vacation records.. rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt patriot_mac newt the right to bear arm is not about hunting.. target practice.. it is a right designed to safeguard freedom ..head for the poll super tuesday is here and democrats from oklahoma to massachusetts are getting out the vot.. rt floraduh1 gingrich and we will have an executive order to repeal every act of religious bigotry by the obama administration period ..rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechpart of i-71 closed due to snapped light pole - brook park ohio a cleveland police dispatcher tell fox 8 news.. rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers romney picks up key endorsements in ohio and oklahoma care2 causes rt climatekeith rt mikehudema breaking four arrested for blocking tarsands megaloads in idaho climate ob ..rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt lady_bella who say a person can t daydream nate tell u how this possible. an oklahoma daydream shenkituprt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechlike mittisms follow endorsemitt and mittromney too tcot gop teaparty tiot mitt2012 endorsemitt election2012 economy2012 clairecmc are you standing up against obama superpac supporter bill maher for calling conservative woman derogatory name hypocrocysuper tuesday what to expect short prediction via grassrootspp withnewt supertuesday tcot teapartyafter all these year of dedication to the constitution. ronpaul should win 1 of these united states. which state will it be. pls pls plsrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechno bond for woman accused of dui in crash that injured 4 in va. beach virginia beach -- bond wa denied tuesday.. virginia governor mcdonnell closes amazon tax loophole rt umichbball michigan will play west virginia on december 15 2012 at the soon-to-be-opened barclays center in ny. ..rt nytimes lulzsec hacking suspects are arrested  mshaferpowell is on morningedition wuotfm talking about newt gingrich s super tuesday eve visit to knoxville rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeech northernlights alert. mar 7th hope the sky is clear. aurorai forgot that santorum and gingrich were not on the virginia ballot ha what chumprt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread rt patriot_mac the right to bear arm is.. of the deepest importance to the survival of freedom in america. newt 4 29 2011 gop20 ..rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechromney looking to quell doubt about frontrunner status face big test in ohio rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rt huffingtonpost 10 best city view across the world rt pres_bartlet newt gingrich ha also asked a judge to throw out a lawsuit from the band survivor who is suing newt for unauthorized ..rt ronpaulcom ron paul 2012 what a dumbass barack tried to give money to ohio for the tornado damage and our dumb as governor rejected it smh pioneergirl08 vote for newt. reform judges and courtrt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy read the whole article and ignore the out of context headline.daily kos ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran rt jummyabc7 watch poem these women written by virginia tech university distinguished professor nikki giovanni. ..rt prdrj newt is such a credible force the wannabe didn t even make serious bid for georgia.rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt bimadew who said it mitt romney or montgomery burns from the simpsons edition. okc police make arrest in connection with man s slaying news oklahomaann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeech shelley2021 i say you are right on they said week ago mitt needed newt 2 stay in race. now they r giving newt just enough 2 keep him in.rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechdr paul s foreign policy constitution say get dec. of war from confress go to war win it come home problem with that is ronpaul2012 osu_realtalk ron paul doesnt reside well with the general population which is obvious based on the current result of the primary mshaferpowell is on morningedition wuotfm talking about newt gingrich s super tuesday eve visit to knoxville wnd movies increase binge drinking in teen cnn whether or not teenager overindulge may be influenced ..  msnbc thats my grandmomrt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt msnbc rhode island woman 81 win powerball 336 million rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..vermont tackle corporate personhood  muh_is_dead them meaning anyone with a brain honestly i respect ron paul but i disagree with almost all of his ideals.rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechactress double down on the artist rape comment ron paul get down with the bitch and hofired up volunteer in clayton kick off march with a voter registration drive obama2012 vol2012rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt baseballcrank i won t say romney can t win. i will predict that win or lose he ll run behind a lot of down-ticket gopers.mitt romneys wife is an idiot.sign and rt demand republican leaders denounce rush limbaugh rush via dscc romney agrees w limbaughdo you know that the only 2 gop candidate on virginia s ballot are paul and romney forty nine delegates. ronpaul happy super tuesday rednett newt s contract from america is a plan unto itself too if we accomplish that we ve done a lot to stop socialist creep.rt sarahkliff sen. lisa murkowski r- alaska tell anchorage daily news she regret supporting the bluntamendment. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt bostondotcom mt globetracyjan michelle obama will headline two dnc event in boston on friday after appearing in concord nh for ..rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..by the way district vi mizzou kansas oklahoma iowa north south dakota. usbwa head oscar robertson award which denmon is up for.it s supertuesday any predictions  alaneyork haha yeah florida or virginia beachrt drudge_report group sue for michelle obama vacation records.. rt sierra_club mitt makes it official he s with big oil - via treypollard_sc  thinkprogress and yet netflix still advertises on them. time to let them know how you feel rt jenscogginscnn happening now wolfblitzercnn host cnnelections roundtable discussion. watch live my virginia prediction romney paul grigrich and santorum are not on the ballot rt oritsklar voted for mittromney this morning. he s a conservative businessman not a career politician. mitt2012 gagop supertuesday harpamystabler i have no thought on ron paul. he s a libertarian.chris posing with a fan in virginia.. and of course little kawasaki right next to him rt nickonbiz gop sure hope so rt brookingsgs will super tuesday deliver a republican nominee romney santor ..have you heard that georgia may become one of the few state with a breastfeeding law that ha an enforcement provision ..ron paul inspecting vaginas. ok you re gonna feel some pressure heh heh biggest insult to gop with obama care word care so bill will soon be replaced with romney fuck you ..rt treehugger mitt romney lt 3 the keystone xl pipeline romneyif you do not like rush limbaugh just turn the dial. do not deny me my freedom tcot withnewtjerry bridges of port of virginia tell tpm2012 we believe we are the biggest the deepest the newest and the best if i say so myself rt epa_abuse north dakota wins victory over epa haze rule epaabuse tcotvideo thedailywhat bitch way to derail a discussion. you know what i wanna see ann romney without her.. i m confused is it superfreak tuesday or superpac tuesday santorum gingrich paul romneyrt tonyhtonyh number of potential immigrant voters on the rise in key supertuesday states via immpolicycenterrt eugenemirman only when talking about rick santorum. rt huffingtonpost should word like tranny and faggot ever be used ..rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..many of u support you and will continue too newtgingrichrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. .. okartscouncil momentum art show to highlight oklahoma s emerging artists..got your ticket for this weekend on super tuesday romney and santorum in fierce ohio battle.. massachusetts school launches accounting program in response to increasing growth in order to prepare more grad.. part-time proposal writer atlanta georgia part-time proposal writer the part-time proposal writer help to.. rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechvermont voter why we need newt 4all2c vtprimary vt gop rnc 250gasrt patriot_mac mittromney hope voter forget his antigun record clarksville fanklin johnsoncity kingspor ..jerry bridges of port of virginia tell tpm2012 we believe we are the biggest the deepest the newest and the best if i say so myself karen santorum my husband is brilliant. at what picking up dog poop opening a mayonnaise jar or mowing the yard confusedrt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. .. bmangh well to ppl who think 190 million isn t wealthy mrs. romney she can t comprehend the value of feeling it when she save 200. romney ha lied in every debate about individual mandate 2009 video he endorses the wyden bennett bill rt newtgingrich have you been thinking about volunteering for my campaign you can do it from home visit to find ..welcome to oklahoma. the home of 50mph wind on a daily basis. wheresthetornado obgyn in west virginia private practice of one obgyn seeking additional associate.potential call 1 in 3three.. rt ezraklein jon stewart on rush limbaugh rt atomic_coach voting buddyroemer today in tennessee. doing what i can. supertuesday mittromney democratic senator chides romney for overheated rhetoric on iran - washington post romney2012rt thinkprogress breaking sears will also end all advertising on rush limbaugh. that s 11. rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechbill would require georgia students take at least 1 elearning class to graduate onlinelearning edchatrt shapsio today is town meeting day in vermont. participate in democracy and vote. poll are open until 7p in btv. tmdvt vtrt wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 ..father of wounded veteran to mitt romney look me in the eye and tell me my son will be taken care of rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeech realkillareese lol still on this hooping shit out here in oklahomamy republican father called rick santorum a fucking creep . go dad rt whinenot newt we need an administration with the courage to use the word radical islam. tcot supertuesday 250gas withnewtrt willardmiddling willard santorum vie 4 blue-collar vote in ohio supertuesday gop jayhawks in ohio ..obama s epa regulations will devastate lots of union jobs .. and ohio tcot tlot teaparty - rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rick santorum just decried radical theocrats. then he looked up irony. rt usatoday we ve got a list of the 10 best freebie at u.s. and foreign airport travelsantorum is the product of corporation coming together to create a man. but they forgot to include emotion intelligencert theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeech malloryarichard screw the crazy train let s jump on the newtgingrich moon base and celebrate there nytimes editorial board get it wrong on pension deferral gimmick. here s why rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt paradoxicalmike don t do it. rt kaotickyoko no rt dha_truaquarian wondering about moving to virginia within a year alaska musher aliy zirkle leading iditarod trail sled dog race anchorage alaska musher aliy zirkle is leadin.. rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt huffingtonpost exclusive ex-head of israeli intelligence criticizes mitt romney on iran making the situation worse ..iran crisis efraim halevy ex-mossad director says romney op-ed making the situation worse via huffingtonpostgingrich win in georgia on super tuesday may not be enough gamecocks lose heartbreaker to no. 5 tennessee 4-3 knoxville tenn. march 4 2012 -- the 22nd-ranked south caro.. 7 836 young adult in alaska have gained health coverage through their parent plan thanks to the aca. rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt reimagin elxn2012 in other words newt balanced the budget just so u know balanacing paying off deficit r 2 diff things. he gave ..rt pc1170 just voted for rick santorum.rt tnforbuddy2012 step-by-step instruction for supporting buddyroemer in americans elect election2012 online primary ..don t forget to protect your vote today ohio supertuesday rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeech four20three65 mac10900 i think we can beat depaul and west virginia yort ppact rt sarahkliff sen. lisa murkowski r- alaska tell anchorage daily news she regret supporting the bluntamendment. ..rt ft romney and santorum locked in dead heat financialtimes micahbuddy called a timeout with no timeouts. almost 800 day since ohio state beat michigan in footballtennessee church help cleveland church plant build nexus coffee shop outreach hub home home home but suddenly sick sick sick at least i m in my bed and not in the middle of oklahoma like mama wa when she got sick.. washingtonpost yes a longtime innocent fantasy. stop being so quick to have our child grow up share how barackobama s education reform ha affected you or someone you know. rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechwe play virginia this wednesday at 2 00pm ct  expcols the columbuszoo wa just named 1 zoo in america once again expcols 3 out of the top 10 are in ohio rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechso excited to get stuck into looking for alaska - cheer chloehowes your pressies are always spot on xx lovereadinggeorgia jobs pay java developer - health it at northrop grumman atlanta ga rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt davidaxelrod worth reading romney shooting blank on iran. rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechwhich candidate will walk away with tennessee - freedom  isaelaton do i need to come to alaska something in the water dolphin and beluga pregnant at shedd aquarium  forresthoward super tuesday is one of my favorite day romney2012 rt epa_abuse north dakota wins victory over epa haze rule epaabuse tcot30 376 young adult in south carolina have gained health coverage through their parent plan thanks to the aca. rt nickgillespie supertuesday tip sheet mittmentum v santorentum v paulmentum journalistic cliche up the yingyang ..georgia jobs pay registered nurse rn - er at gwinnett medical center duluth ga reagan never attacked dems he converted them. consider ron paul unite gaprimary gagop iamthemob teaparty tcotsuper tuesday win could rest in ohio tennessee for former massachusetts gov. mitt romney who s.. - fb omahart theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechgeorgia jobs pay emergency care technician at gwinnett medical center duluth ga rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. obama santorum romney ron paul and gingrichromney say obama insufficiently pro-israel march 2012 defense industry recruiting events virginia texas and georgia ..come on super tuesday do u a favor and push newt out of this race uselxntennessee voters..want obama s algae and 9.99 gas or newt s 2.50 gas 4all2c tnprimary tn gop rnc 250gasalaskan politics super tuesday and ron paul ohio express yummy yummy yummy from the album billboard top rock n roll hits - 1968 1968 rt thinkprogress what thefix won t tell you the question ann romney wa asked when she said she doesn t consider herself wealthy h ..rt dailykos rick santorum single mother are breeding more criminal compare cheap hampden massachusetts life insurance rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechit s super tuesday in idaho does everyone who want to participate know when where and how rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechgeorgia jobs pay sr. manager planning replenishme at home depot atlanta ga why is oklahoma so windy because kansas suck and texas blows. puntastic thehill shake up all of iran via global speech admonishing iran s supreme leader not ahmad jad use quran to get iran off israel nukes.someone need to tell mittromney to shut up about anything to do with iran. if he win he can bomb them until then shh. day1todolistrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrick santorum s long record of being part of the big government big spending status quo in washington. rt thedailybeast israel we can t wait much longer cheatsheetrt votaporsantorum puerto rico republican delegates support ricksantorum on supertuesday on march 18th santorum will win the puer ..rt lizzylynngarcia malloryarichard screw the crazy train let s jump on the newtgingrich moon base and celebrate there ohio inspector general report on bwc worker misuse of state equipment and on company time. daveweigel counterpoint sioux falls argus leader. argus rt jeffsharlet hearing santorum speak would make me side with the cylons if romney hadn t already beaten me to it.high pay usa jobs program assistant - ohio rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt daveweigel how long ha it been since richard cohen wrote anything of value i m only 30. i may have missed it. rt prismsinc ohio folk seem strongly prolife .. bodes well for rick .. gop estabmt lib conservative msm assault on newt clearly show that the ppl who tore our gr8 nation down r afraid of change bold visionrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechgetting excited about supertuesday and watching the washingtonpost summary of the stats santorum tell ohioans he understands them rt dacw10 newt talk the talk but doe not walk the walk. ok can t risk everything on newt tcot teaparty ohp ..rt daveweigel mt jumpvote for all of you attacking winning our future for refusing to pull our ad from rush thanks for your input. ..rt brockvergakis virginia prohibits write-in candidate for statewide primary eliminating stephenathome chance for an upset.romney economy is best issue for me what is supertuesday global news explains what you need to know. a 30 yr old bird from illinois just replied to a 33 yr old fellow in georgia looks like they re getting along  hollyywoodd190 accepted to north georgia college state university yay and it close enough that you can come bavk and see me rt huffingtonpost watch carasantamaria try a body suit that add 50 year of age in 15 min talknerdytome my friend that live in ohio. don t forget to go vote today rockthevotemy vermont prediction romney santorum paul gingrichbut i m most psyched about themagfields. what new music are you super excited to get today supertuesday ps don t forget to vote.rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall 16 reasons why mitt romney would be a really really bad president did mittromney steal his logo mitt2012 rt thehill dem lawmaker repcohen to protest rush limbaugh by not buying clear channel ad rushlimbaughohio state buckeyesrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechron paul get endorsement from five member of romney s family - yahoo news via yahoonewswhy can t we get 7 republicans to break from the pack over here senatorreid objecting to mcconnell s highway bill amendment requestann romney is the best thing mitt ha going for him. lovely lady i wouldn t take her wealth comment out of context it wa heartfelt. carolynalbright you crack me up with your ron paul bit. you ll do u good work in washington whenever you get there follow our super duper supertuesday live page at rt thinkprogress higher income people don t have to pay tax if they don t want to. -- rick santorum 3 5 12 icymirt msnbc rhode island woman 81 win powerball 336 million  kriskxx on behalf of myself the american people we thank u for all u have given so far 2 help the best man 4 potus win today withnewtrt intelwar top 10 reasons not to vote for ron paul rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt chuba10 picked for u17 euro qualifier in georgia got spain ukraine and georgia big game buzzin thanks everyone  newtgingrich good luck - hope my vote make a difference newtgingrich read some scientific journal there wa a break through a few week ago american people are not stupid about algaeterry to commit to georgia at 2 30 p.m. today ap top news at 9 03 am est ap national news video more gt gt atlanta ap - mitt romney is angling to solidify his .. rt zerohedge rasmussen - obama romney run near even when it comes to major issues- maybe cause they are the same president ..rt huffingtonpost actress double down on the artist rape comment rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt wepickrick this is a must read for santorum supporters. the parallel between reagan s primary run in 1980 and rick santorum.. ht ..oklahoma voters.. want obama s algae and 9.99 gas or newt s 2.50 gas 4all2c okprimary ok gop rnc 250gasrt katyinindy mvbcdo well newt actually balanced fed budget 4 year in a row reformed welfare entitlement..paul got 1 law passed in ..political science assistant professor patrick miller give his thought on supertuesday check out this awesome new mobile site for northjackson ohio here romney super pac ding santorum and hillary clinton super tuesday gingrich say rival won t bring fundamental change  kateguerra4 so who would i contact about that. living in alaska now i can only watch the race on abc.reading cbsnews romney say obama insufficiently pro-israel rt huffingtonpost radiohead reveals another new song looks like i m the right height -- super tuesday trivia via indecision supertuesday decision2012rt amberlystarrett dearmgk ltfu cleveland ohio rt cnnbrk lulzsec hacker arrested source says. rt jeffsharlet hearing santorum speak would make me side with the cylons if romney hadn t already beaten me to it.rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt ali jazzshaw endorsing romney and pill h8ter  cbairead yes ohio tennessee seems close others will go a expected.rt secondfront beason-allied super pac attack bachus with tv spot second front via weldbham supertuesday people vaginal probe for my first 50 voter courtesy of the gop. romneyslogans romney2012rt nytimes dealbook texas teacher pension buys stake in bridgewater hedge fund rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says.  thinkprogress carbonite stock dropped. lol just wait..only conserv have the money wherewithall to buy these products. now boycotting all h8meenow vote ron paul he s the only one that will help this country ronpaulrt ariannahuff how the sleep deficit is damaging america s long-term health sleepweek  goblue rt mollyesque the reuben at katzinger s is delicious but not a delicious a zingerman s. sorry ohio. foxnews 2 bad the medium can t find a 31 yr old woman who would rather have 3 00 to feed her family instead of purchasing contraceptiontoday will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he will be the nominee. trusportsnmsu idaho will be tougher than fresno. nevada ha to get by utah state which won t be easybarb bush say this is the worst republican race ever yet she is endorsing sponsoring romney 1of the worst candidate running lol what rt msnbc chevy volt named european car of the year virginia house republicans battle obama and epa tea party ..  oberlin don t forget to vote today if you are voting in ohio rt knightlygrind another senseless killing by cannonball rt cycleworldmag virginia ban motorcycle-only police checkpoints. freedom newswire piersmorgan ron paul on p morgan tonight in las vegas nv - february 3 2012 via youtube let the brits die is right vote early vote often supertuesdayrt defeatromney we should not also forget that romney refused to support the bush tax cut while governorchoice made easy 4 ohio latinos support dennis_kucinich in ohprimary votolatino latism immigration nowwithalex chucktodd ask romney or any of those other clown significant question they probably don t know where iran isrt catholiclisa linked ricksantorum oh how i love thee .. let me count the ways 1 2 3 .. 15 wepickrick s ..rick santorum isn t crazy nytimes newsrt tim_maysports inside word is urban meyer constantly challenging ohio state receiver corp to step up that 2011 stats unacceptable. ..rt thehill opinion obama s flashing red light to netanyahu on iran by anne penketh iran israel aipacrt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..shout out to therealcashout we fuccin wit u out here in oklahoma homie. check us out i m kinda sad that i don t like in ohio anymore for supertuesday it s like an exciting race with an anti-climactic conclusion..rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. .. thinkprogress both a victory over and symptomatic of decadence first time georgia voter right here. whatsuplet s put santorum gingrich to bed once and for all tonight. we have bigger fish to fry. barack hussein obama it s supertuesday people do you think today will reshape the gop race via bostonglobert time he s young handsome and the heir to a political dynasty. why can t rahul gandhi win in india rt inlawsoutlaws i m confused is it superfreak tuesday or superpac tuesday santorum gingrich paul romneyrt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..y know i ve been watching american political race for year always have the same thought what are you people doing supertuesdaypanetta warns iran we will act rt govchristie dems have stopped talking tax increase joined call for relief we ve turned trenton upside down ..rt dailykos ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran rt chucktodd can easily get romney to 220 delegate even if he loses both oh and tn. santorumhasamathproblemhere s a novel idea. instead of being democrat or republican try voting for the person who best represents your ideology. supertuesdayrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  manuelxochoa i love oklahoma wind your crazy notmeif you care about your town and your country get out and vote today vermont tmdvtit s super tuesday ohio is voting to select a republican candidate to run in the presidential election. go vote or educate yourself.rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rt yukimura17 u ll only have yourself to blame if you don t vote for ronpaul our troop innocent life will be lost because of you ..rt jazzchantoozie rt jamiesont as decision go romney or santorum is right up there with choosing my favourite kardashian supertuesday jdoinwoorkptn prissylilbadass iamcombat rarebreed shredmode now leaving ohio looking 4ward 2 getting my food scale out gym time restore our future now up to four 4 mailer in alabama super tuesday win could rest in ohio tennessee tune in house leader hold bipartisan medium availability w israelipm netanyahu rt clairecmc john mccain say rush attack on law student totally unacceptable .good for him. that s leadership.john sarah todd http ..the daily beast let s hear it. rt davidfrum today s poll is santorum right that romney doe not share republ.. mva in georgia had me on hold foreverr. nczeitgeist i hate that they opened a cigar s cigar in ohio city. awful radio ads. awful. strictlyola had a weird dream that you were playing a mandolin and singing oklahoma whilst james wa dancing..has this ever happened rt speakerboehner tune in house leader hold bipartisan medium availability w israelipm netanyahu rt cutiepi2u kriskxx on behalf of myself the american people we thank u for all u have given so far 2 help the best man 4 potus w ..i d care more about super tuesday if i liked romney or santorum. maddow need to change the name to terrible tuesday kathleenmadigan romney quoted a saying if he doe not win big on super tues. i will throw in the 500 thread count towel  rick will triple child deduction eliminate marriage tax penalty oh tn al ms ks ohprimary nd ga teaparty uconn will win big east tournament. georgia tech will make great run to acc tourny final.rt bostondotcom dropkick murphys to papelbon no more shipping up to boston redsoxrt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. rt nickpaste i voted against corporatism corruption. i voted for buddyroemer sunday sales . supertuesday notfallingfortheduopolyi m giving away free bids i have up to 500 bids to give away free inetgiant dear virginia vote ron paul house of delegates giving standing ovation to the men woman of virginia national guard in gallery on house floor. rt leopierson rt unclerush if you re in ohio today please go and vote for dennis kucinich we cannot lose him.rt starseed52 mar5 your body under arrest police in riot gear remove peaceful women s rights protestors in virginia ..rt txstudents4newt today in tx we remember the alamo however this time it s a day for victory for freedom withnewt .. theplumlinegs it wa his sister souljah moment except instead of repudiate he took issue with word choicelollipops and acting. supertuesday - romney say too bad if you can t afford college. we say cost should not be a barrier to education. mi2020 p2 bentherapper if you understood business economics u might grasp the fact that it cost a lot of to do thesis showcase all over ohiort thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt ricksantorum before you vote tomorrow please watch this special message from karen and me going to watch my own private idaho krystle r u ready rt jeffsharlet hearing santorum speak would make me side with the cylons if romney hadn t already beaten me to it.rt dscc after firing 1st shots in gopculturewar georgeallenva runs for the hills vasenrt tvamy rt kokomodianne rt thefix the only gop candidate with a net favorable rating among independent ron paul that s who..tennessee - eib - the rush limbaugh show time to give limbaugh the bum s rush.. jamespurefoy i wa in atlanta a few year back and fell in love with their great trees. hope you get a chance to enjoy the georgia sightlive in green co and are a big santorum supporter contact dustin at dustin4santorum yahoo.com santorum2012rt taradublinrocks omg mitt n match courtesy hrc. too funny. why are so many liberal jumping on the ron paul bandwagon i m confused.rt ezraklein young woman who had access to the pill in the 60 earned 8 percent more at age 50 than those who didn t rt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director ..rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. rt thedailybeast rt dailybeasttv jon stewart eviscerates rush limbaugh s attack on contraception. watch rt davecatanese pelosi s back in a gop ad . . . except in this case it s in a bitter illinois gop primary ann romney is not really wealthy because she say so via addthis niallofficial see you tomorrow im driving from georgia 5 hour to see you guy im so excited. follow me niall 10romney eye crown a us vote on super tuesday rt msnbc rhode island woman 81 win powerball 336 million rt thedailybeast rt dailybeasttv jon stewart eviscerates rush limbaugh s attack on contraception. watch  huffingtonpost her nterview wa re her wealth n her ms. she can afford her medical bill while large pop cannot is a more important debate.santorum s private side through wife s eye but these day rick santorum is at home - on the campaign trail. .. santorum single moms are breeding more criminals politics rt thinkprogress sen. murkowski r-ak regret voting for blunt bill i have let these woman down  foxnews why doesn t fox news pick up on this i believe this is the warmest day i ve experienced in columbus ohio yay for sunshine temperature above 40 and bird chirping rt wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 ..all my tie to massachusetts are now cut.. i have no reason to stay here anymore.a 20 yr old dude from north carolina just replied to a 27 yr old bird in virginia looks like they re getting along rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..i guess that too. lifestyle_alist tittytuesday rt weezy_strides it s supertuesday i learn something about politics everyday. i uploaded a youtube video ron paul audit the fed before it s too late  paperbackzombie ricksantorum apparently i m a fun-loving criminal just ask my single mom. or worse..a liberal w out a record-sorry rt senatorsanders must read battling big money vermont town meetings will move to amend - nicholsuprising thenation ..oklahoma tax attorney rod polston is taking a personal approach to solving irs problems rt patriot_mac newt the right to bear arm is designed to safeguard freedom. nra memphis nashville knoxville chatanooga murfree .. sabergato lest ppl forget rushlimbaugh is syndicated by clearchannel wch is owned by bain capital mittromney wouldn t use thse word rt njelection2012 santorum romney lying to the american people happy supertuesday voting is expected to be light in virginia patchpolitics katyinindy romney santorum are suspect planning 4 potus from day one-i like newt the best but want the p2 conman in the wh to lose potusrt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..georgia voters.. want obama s algae and 9.99 gas or newt s 2.50 gas 4all2c gaprimary ga gop rnc 250gashappy tuesday swirling vanilla chocolate white chocolate mousse georgia peach key lime tart pineapple coconut sf genesis 3 6rt patriot_mac romney fails on gun right memphis nashville knoxville chatanooga murfreesboro teaparty go ..rt ziggy_daddy daily kos 1994 rick santorum single mother are breeding more criminal truth rt mollyesque the reuben at katzinger s is delicious but not a delicious a zingerman s. sorry ohio.the blaine county republican caucus is held tonight at the wr middle school -- the link go to a rsvp to the caucus.130 years strong happy founder s day to virginia state university. i am a trojan and always will be. vsurepublican party moves toward romney hilarious voter for newt say ronald reagan wasn t available any more. what can i say i just voted for newtgingrich votefornewtifyougiveahoot rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..cape cod doormats 36x150 polypropylene castle mat - gold sage 90914 handcrafted in hyannis massachusetts ther.. rt adamant4detroit how do people support this guy nytimes romney in ohio want college can t afford it too bad. andymlansing htt ..rt thedailybeast rt dailybeasttv jon stewart eviscerates rush limbaugh s attack on contraception. watch romney to aipac i recognize the zealot refrain of dominion in iran u mean israel the raw story via addthisrt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..rt alwaysright1776 vote newt..solutions not rhetoric. 250gasrt jeffsharlet hearing santorum speak would make me side with the cylons if romney hadn t already beaten me to it.congratulations to jackielow6522 for being accepted into virginia tech for graduate school scholarship success womenshistorymonth nowwithalex pataki wrong. gop refused to pas enough stimuls packet that would stimulate the economy. it ll be obama plan v mitt srotten system in congress will change only when the american people change their belief about the proper role of government ronpaul goprt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall my upset of the night dennis kucinich loses to marcy kaptur. alien conspiracy theorist panic supertuesday oh09rt cnnlive wolf blitzer moderate a special supertuesday cnn election roundtable with cnn s political team. live conservatives rally around romney to show unity rt thinkprogress breaking five more company pull ad from rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 20 advertiser overall. ..hbk want me to go to virginia beach with them. notifyboston massachusetts join 9 other state in voting for the presidential primary don t miss out supertuesdayrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. .. lhfthinkers billwickens yes but there are not that many wacko they ll also never get elected potus and santorum isn t one of them. pistolsguy davidubben andy_staples get a z-man from oklahoma joes.rt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director ..excellent pt by tsnmike on tsn 1st-tm aa jared sullinger no one command more attn yet fouled 20 pct less. buckeyeromney ha run a terrible campaign and americans are suppose to vote for him to run the country notinamillionyearsyou cannot find peace by avoiding life. - virginia woolfrt theonion romney s super tuesday polls surge after he begins flaunting his wealth warforthewhitehouse so mrs. romney doesn t consider herself rich . hey lady let s check a commonality. how much doe a gallon of milk cost rt bobbyjean55 ron paul won 12 election in congress every time convincing voter to vote for liberty the constitution sound money .. realdonaldtrump mittromney just like your hair i hope that isn t realit s supertuesday after month of a hotly contested primary tn will play an important role. tennesseans be sure to get out and vote rt msnbc rhode island woman 81 win powerball 336 million hey newt tell u to get gas price to 2.50 and we ll nominate u a soon a they get there thedailybeast newt .. rt washingtonpost what if supertuesday wa more like marchmadness ohio is santorum s challenge for super tuesday cuyahoga falls ohio ap - rick santorum faced a crucial test t.. where at better be in tennessee pumps_andpearls kayla got a interview rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt catholiclisa ricksantorum eventsit s supertuesday i can feel the electricity in the air. ow ow turn it off search for missing orange girl resume in tulsa video police in oklahoma have been searching since saturday f.. rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers  realdonaldtrump mittromney by defaulthow can mitt romney sleep at night rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall warning voter fraud in ohio via dailypaul abc cbs nbc davidbrooksnyt barackobama mark shields re rnc they can t stop themselves-they can t do it-war-quickly enough mittromneyrt ariannahuff so doe this mean god s happy with everywhere that s not hit with a natural disaster  reason brian doherty on the ronpaul moment libertarian tlot yal c4l teapartyphoto polo rugby polo ralph lauren lifestyle taken with instagram at virginia beach va rt huffingtonpost billmaher here s your new rule for craigslist video  jybyrd420 noworldforeric ron paul cant win in a general election. not enough money not enough support from the general population. georgianewtz fatbrenda sorry brend why don t you come round and watch an episode with me and georgia in-between filming rt nytimes official says lulzsec hackers arrested rt notifyboston massachusetts join 9 other state in voting for the presidential primary don t miss out super ..rt huffingtonpost dog play with toy mouse then battery run out video rt thedailybeast rt dailybeasttv jon stewart eviscerates rush limbaugh s attack on contraception. watch rt brokenbudgets ohio s super tuesday will decide local school funding ohgov education homeschool tcot p2 theplumlinegs thinkprogress donnabrazile well how many more advertiser doe rush have left countingdown supertuesday tis a good day for a political junkie. swoon these nigga love blouseton ohiort thinkprogress sen. murkowski r-ak regret voting for blunt bill i have let these woman down play mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrcrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall  conelytompson haha def not poolside at the moment cold ohio heading hm 2 cali rt zzsantorum chuck norris trashes rick santorum zzsantorum tcot teaparty teapartyvssantorumholy crap..santorum doe look like woody from toy story..mitt romney --o nope..he look like if he breathes the wrong way our nation in trouble..rt gaolivefarms chef brian jones of the ritz-carlton s atlanta grill downtown is now using and ha available georgia olive farms chefs ..rt patriot_mac newt the right to bear arm is not about hunting.. target practice.. it is a right designed to safeguard freedom ..ughh can it just be may already jason luke lake boat summer great time all in good ol georgia starbucks_sarah mladd1103rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says.  foxnews i don t understand the racism by the mt judge. sound like mom went to a wild party. what if she said lucky you re not irish bill cunningham s hard-hitting interview with rick santorum  aipac2012 mittromney to visit israel 1st gingrich promises to move american embassy to jerusalem on day 1 degree in stripper kicking rt spicy_habanerno i will graduate oklahoma state university with a degree in bullshitting.. csqwaredd you wont come here but you want me to come to ohio you ask for too muchrt jm_dc get ready for some ny redistricting fun. rollcall s 1st take on draft map released by fed judge rt huffingtonpost top 10 college spring break destination rt todayspolitics santorum single moms are breeding more criminals politics can t control his bigoted mouth rt thehill sen. levin panetta defend obama on gop iran attack by jherbthehill iran gop obamart huffingtonpost colbert call rush limbaugh a poster boy for contraception anyone know where to watch good free live online coverage of supertuesday ohio man dy after meth lab fire at nursing home rt yukimura17 u ll only have yourself to blame if you don t vote for ronpaul our troop innocent life will be lost because of you ..tennessee is a sweet gorgeous 1-y o male silver tabby at manhattan acc found abandoned with his mate her kittens. romney to aipac i recognize the zealot refrain of dominion in iran republican presidential presidential cand.. new from ohio lottery a chance to be picked to be on the 25th anniversary tv special of cash explosion details at rt catholiclisa esantorum2012 cbs news karen santorum s revealing look at her husband via trscoop matthewjl ..rt johnkingcnn happy super tuesday. quick look at state and stake from a magicwall perspective more johnkin ..buzzing nightlife - rt athensmarquee aura music festival pre-party at the georgia theatre tonight with the werks ..rt huffingtonpost 8 everyday household item to use for cleaning rt drudge_report group sue for michelle obama vacation records.. good super tues briefing mt secretsbedard super tuesday map from sabato in link look to be a romney-santorum draw rt mzdebdeb ewerickson voting for santorum after work 5pm atlanta area. i knew you were wondering..lol supertuesday this should be interesting. i think romney s got it but dirty.rt maytennis nowwithalex pataki wrong. gop refused to pas enough stimuls packet that would stimulate the economy. it ll be obama pl ..rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers  rnc drone senrobportman r-oh endorsed mittromney.. pfft ..need a conservative 2 replace portman.and good christ how much doe it all cost supertuesday election2012 ridiculousgpaa opens gold camp in alaska gold prospecting news gold prospecting is starting to become much more than a .. tell mittromney to fire rushlimbaugh sign the au4change petition prochoice politics fem2 wmn 2012 p2 wmn supertuesday is on. 10 states. 419 delegate at stake ff romney and santorum locked in dead heat the two frontrunners for the republican presidential n.. sigodevoltabus driver hold boy so girl could hit him 10tv columbus ohio a columbus city schools bus driver w.. p2rt chrisbrownzone chris brown posing with a female fan in virginia rt  realdonaldtrump agree. hope u watched mitt aipac. if not cue this up at 6 58 and also watch q a - he s brilliant rt patriot_mac mittromney s antigun record he hope voter forget memphis nashville knoxville chatanooga ..rt thedailybeast newt 2.50 gingrich mocks obama biofuel is cloud cuckoo land but moon colony isn t. huh.rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..rt edweekteacher teaching now ohio to retest teachers in struggling schools educationlet s go rick santorum2012 supertuesday squallive majority doubt bho eligibility 37 of gop voter in ohio 38 in georgia 45 in tennessee  newtgingrich you ve got mine.romney and santorum locked in dead heat  rich kids come out in support of mitt romney video supertuesday 1 romneyrt youxia88 another racist obama zombie. nice. rt chuck__hall whinenot except newtgingrich is not among the cont ..how to start a business in ohio business ohio startsuper tuesday prediction romney to win 7 out of 10 statesrt buzzfeedben . sbalist radio in oh promise that santorum will bring back the high-paying manufacturing job family depend on rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..really enjoyed sitting in on dr. chella s last regular lecture at ohio state earlier today. we will definitely miss him next year.rt kyletrygstad rt jm_dc get ready for some ny redistricting fun. rollcall s 1st take on draft map released by fed judge ..rt nytimes lulzsec hacking suspects are arrested rt patriot_mac mittromney hope voter forget his antigun record clarksville fanklin johnsoncity kingspor ..rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot santorum is winning the google search race in virginia..where he s not on the ballot. rt thedailybeast rt dailybeasttv jon stewart eviscerates rush limbaugh s attack on contraception. watch all four location of dailygrill have all-night happy hour for supertuesday 4 p.m.-closing. food drink special 4 cheeseburger rt njelection2012 santorum romney lying to the american people rt fearsomebuffalo newtgingrich supertuesday tcot 250gas my vote wa cast about 715 this morning mr. speaker. we all are looking ..rt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director .. getflightright come to ohio and come school my lil bros they re nice on the court and doing aau too grown dante talk about you often  rwallace7_41 i still got orange clay on me shitdontgoaway it that georgia clay my dude post87 summercomefasteraipac gingrich remarks rt stevedeaceshow little birdie chirping speculation thing are trending well for newtgingrich tonight but not a well for ricksan ..romney and obama  drudge_report rush is an entertainer just like maher. why the double standard liberal hypocrisy worldnetdaily bus driver hold boy so girl could hit him 10tv columbus ohio a columbus city schools b.. rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt thehill dem lawmaker repcohen to protest rush limbaugh by not buying clear channel ad rushlimbaughsantorum is absolutely correct on at least one point -by frank salvato earlier this week gop presidential hope.. deans news post romney and santorum locked in dead heat the two frontrunners for the republican presid.. finance tpm newt gingrich to get secret service protection why do i have to pay for this it bull treaction once upon a time mitt romney liked health insurance mandates. then he started sucking up to the new r.. romney and santorum locked in dead heat the two frontrunners for the republican presidenti.. romney up 16 in gallup national poll hot air via hotairblog lisakot most from the last two day have been from romney for president. others from restore our future. only 2 group calling us.don t forget to vote.. supertuesday financial times romney and santorum locked in dead heat  pray first and vote if you re in a supertuesday statenewt gingrich still look like susan boylert ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are. join me in t ..rt suntimes something in the water dolphin and beluga pregnant at shedd aquarium rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt huffingtonpost actress double down on the artist rape comment if santorum think single-parent family are a problem it s clear religion isn t solving it rt zzsantorum chuck norris trashes rick santorum zzsantorum tcot teaparty teapartyvssantorumromney and santorum locked in dead heat the two frontrunners for the republican presidential nomination campaig.. romney and santorum locked in dead heat the two frontrunners for the republican presidential nomination campaig.. chris brown posing with a female fan in virginia rt via twitpicrt katyinindy newt w the plan solution to fix usa romney still relying on ad trashing his opponent santorum still whining pau ..rt speakerboehner tune in house leader hold bipartisan medium availability w israelipm netanyahu im giving up my annual tuesday nap to vote ronpaul supertuesdayrt ads60nyc tennessee is a sweet gorgeous 1-y o male silver tabby at manhattan acc found abandoned with his mate her kittens. http ..information about essex massachusetts life insurance michigan wolverines to play west virginia mountaineers next season in brooklyn - espn investigators are continuing their search near an oklahoma strip mall today for the remains of a missing orange..  theharryshearer two things..1 newt s anything but humble.2 bold reagan humbleboldnational veterans creative arts festival set for massachusetts dem on the plus side between romney mailer and the l.l bean catalog the postal services future is looking bright  cnn wolfblitzercnn 10 primary today but u only talk one romney may not win. stop biased coverage. whitecollargirl ac360 10 state -- hard to say but no doubt magicwall get a workout and i drink a lot of coffee. happy super tuesday.rt conservative_vw question when wa mitt romney lying now or before how do you know tcot teaparty su ..ron paul get endorsement from five member of romney s family ronpaul happy super tuesday  history prof conclusively that centrally-planned economy lower the standard of living for everyone except gov elite ronpaul gop oklahoma tax attorney rod polston is taking a personal approach to solving irs problems rt senatorsanders video sen. sanders lead 70 member of congress in asking the cftc to end excessive oil speculation .. weather idaho falls idaho weather 36f overcast and breezyu.s. news - georgia senate oks banning illegal immigrant from .. georgia s senate on monday o.. tcot tlot p2rt time even if you hated it you should care that fox canceled terra nova. here s why via timeculture i m a georgia voter cumberland academy rt tpm newt gingrich to get secret service protection rt washingtonpost report forget the ipad 3 it s the ipad hd rt amateurgourmet mitt romney may be rich but only oven mitt romney will keep your hand safe ovenmittromney201233 vote cast at lucy simms precinct in harrisonburg when we left at 12 15 i m finished but stay with whsv for update supertuesdayann romney on being out of touch we can be poor in spirit rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rt billhaslam it s supertuesday after month of a hotly contested primary tn will play an important role. tennesseans be sure to ..ann romney said i don t even consider myself wealthy. she then had a servant put a foot in their mouth on her behalf. politicsisevilrt wsj steve jobs s widow the palm pilot inventor and other tech titan are funding effort to help undocumented student ..rt ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are. join me in t ..court on thursday oklahoma on friday atx next week.. i wish dc wa on my list but it s not smhrt pinnie99 many voter still know nothing abt an alinsky dem. marxist or a progressive wht a mess.only candidate that had gut 2 me ..who said it mitt romney or mr. burns rt okayplayer new music from tennessee emcee skewby almost there off his upcoming ep. rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers  gopnews romney deeply deeply flawed umm yes. this does not merit a question mark. speakerboehner israelipm no way sound like shitrt txstudents4newt today in tx we remember the alamo however this time it s a day for victory for freedom withnewt ..rt aburnspolitico restore our future now up to four 4 mailer in alabama rt ingrahamangle ron paul on israel from a political standpoint israel should do what it need to do. we shouldn t tell them what to do.breaking two arrested for blocking tar sands megaloads in idaho newt is rising again. the momentum is building. do you hear the rocky song .. i am a real american fight for the right of every man rt texashumor the best thing to ever come out of oklahoma is i-35 south.ohio is santorum s challenge for super tuesday ipad sale to company will accelerate this year said tom mainelli an analyst at framingham massachusetts-b.. rt andywendt rt whinenot newt we need a fundamental reassessment of our entire understanding of the threat of radical islam wit .. adopt terrier - georgia - small - young - female - dog - please contact slidell  dustynjn perdidomike nobody want romney he is just the least fatally flawed candidate and he ha the most money.rt markknoller happy 100th birthday to the oreo cookie. first sold on this day in 1912 to a grocer in hoboken nj. thinkprogress and yet winning the future brag about buying more time.omfg. where is that de-santorum-inator i put in my order week ago.. mt single moms are breeding more criminals  megan_hart southern like i-40 albuquerque oklahoma city memphis or all the way down to i-10 through tucson houston new orleans etc. heard at the vines a vote for romney is a vote for obama uhh idontthinkitworkslikethat ndaa is the virginia house trying to stifle hb 1160 campaign for liberty  drudge_report is sh single rt patriot_mac mittromney hope voter forget his antigun record military veteran nra tpp famouslies alexromano rick santorum all day ann romney - you know we can be poor in spirit. i don t even consider myself wealthy. walbuque4 sound like some bad philosophy to me.rt dailykos ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran open a real esate or home equity loan with our akron or fairlawn ohio branch and get a chance to win 500.. rt auriandra dkos ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran about those gas price ..seriously doe vermont not have one decent doctor ri-fucking-diculousrt ariannahuff so doe this mean god s happy with everywhere that s not hit with a natural disaster excellent. who said it mitt romney or mr. burns today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he will be the nominee. --i think new gingrich campaign ha faded. am sorry the big mo.republican voters i guess we ll vote mitt because who else is there no seriously who else is there azerbaijan and georgia support each other in all sphere azerbaijanrt politicprophet let s put santorum gingrich to bed once and for all tonight. we have bigger fish to fry. barack hussein obama his 2006 digital lynching piece wa salient. rt daveweigel how long since richard cohen wrote anything of value  anti-abortion zealot santorum we are seeing the fabric of this country fall apart .. because of single moms. pulling for you today ricksantorum godspeed winning decision2012 gay gop support still behind romney  i don t even consider myself wealthy ann romney ch_ndlr hayleywaddict yes georgia then tweeted that she wasn t true if the article wa true or not so everyone shouldn t kill her now.ann romney is talking awkwardly about money now too - yahoo news via yahoonews spoken like a real rich b-- reps see economic growth opportunity in marijuana industry in massachusetts  enjoylyfe4 there s always the public transit or even a lol come to ohio rt patriot_mac withnewt lifetime nra mbr unequivocally support gunrights. clarksville fanklin johnsoncit ..our shanabp is going to be on the iaindale show on lbc973 tonight discussing the american electoral phenomenon of supertuesday 8-9 pm. nytimes charlesmblow marketwatch comprehensive coverage of primary results on super tuesday -live streaming video because ga isn t a race. we ve known it would be newt since cain dropped out. rt ewerickson low turnout in middle georgia.rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..rt ads60nyc tennessee is a sweet gorgeous 1-y o male silver tabby at manhattan acc found abandoned with his mate her kittens. http ..rt msnbc rhode island woman 81 win powerball 336 million  kaitlynkitkat the one in louisville ky it s their first time in my state plus it s on the same date i saw them last summer in ohio dvermont - eib - the rush limbaugh show time to give limbaugh the bum s rush..rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..rt jamshedmemon marvi memon bought 30 00 twitter followers for 450 while gingrich bought 1 million follower pti pmln ..president santorum cartoon via dcaglert ronpaulaz ronpaul will seek out legitimate threat not spy on innocent americans through unconstitutional power grab like patrio .. suzannemalveaux barb bush say worst republican race ever yet she is endorsing sponsoring romney 1of the worst candidate running lol rt eugenemirman only when talking about rick santorum. rt huffingtonpost should word like tranny and faggot ever be used ..six romney family members hit campaign trail for ron paul - ronpaul2012rt pinnie99 many voter still know nothing abt an alinsky dem. marxist or a progressive wht a mess.only candidate that had gut 2 me ..ohio is abuzz on super tuesday  nickowen2 i m leaning towards santorum. but that could easily changert theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rt ariannahuff who said it mitt romney or mr. burns opieradio happy super tuesday - somewhererightnow mittromney is trying to convince a group  newtgingrich proud to vote for you in the ga primary. 250gasrt ads60nyc tennessee is a sweet gorgeous 1-y o male silver tabby at manhattan acc found abandoned with his mate her kittens. http ..santorum ha taken a stand against birth control. and gay sex. he s just pandering. not worth a vote.rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers santorum single moms are breeding more criminals my boy gasq4 gonne be at east georgia hopefully j_swole thereal_lukec will be there toort billhaslam it s supertuesday after month of a hotly contested primary tn will play an important role. tennesseans be sure to ..rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..rt dentay85 georgia lawmakers approve measure banning illegal immigrants from colleges atlanta the georgia senate voted m.. ..chad romney said he d probably write in ron paul s name on the ballot if it came to voting for mitt or obama.  newtgingrich proud to vote for you in the ga primary. 250gasrt auriandra dkos ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran about those gas price ..rt ezraklein jon stewart on rush limbaugh happy supertuesday romney is going to be the nominee. only question is how long it takes.romney locking up the catholic vote in ohio hot air via hotairblogjudge tell national marine fisheries service to prepare eis over impact to steller sea lion in alaska romney and santorum locked in dead heat  chucktodd frustrating that many of you seem to think you know what the avg voter is thinking..we are much smarter than given credit foryou lucky you re my boy because i don t follow many people unless you re a fan or a ron paul supporter echeatemrt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers something tell me we ll know le after super tuesday than we do now. i hear msm trying to shove romney down gops throat. ronpaul2012georgia statecapital building codepink founder praises paul note 2 ron paul supporter this is who you are in bed with ron paul is codepink candidatert ezraklein young woman who had access to the pill in the 60 earned 8 percent more at age 50 than those who didn t  theharryshearer i always took that newt blustery rhetoric the wrong way. i didn t realize he wa just hum-bold. humbleboldrt billhaslam it s supertuesday after month of a hotly contested primary tn will play an important role. tennesseans be sure to ..rt andywendt rt whinenot newt we need a fundamental reassessment of our entire understanding of the threat of radical islam wit ..tea party groups in tennessee demand textbooks overlook u.s. founder s slave-owning history - the huffington post - super tuesday mitt romney and rick santorum fight to the wire live voters go to the poll a frontrunners m.. help support ronald mcdonald house charities of central ohio - vote for coach matta rick santorum super tuesday outlook rt maddowblog newt moon base gingrich say algae-for-energy come from cloud cuckoo land it s going to be a good day supertuesdayrt huffingtonpost 8 everyday household item to use for cleaning super tuesday ohio looming super large idaho voters.. want obama s algae and 9.99 gas or newt s 2.50 gas 4all2c idprimary id gop rnc 250gasmake sure after you vote for ron paul that you take the time to vote for the liberty delegate in your area.rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..rt yukimura17 vote ronpaul election fraud will be very much harder for them if we turn out in huge number rt randpaulreview how many romneys are voting for ron paul apparently 5 including 1 of his son s d d ronp ..rt tim_maysports inside word is urban meyer constantly challenging ohio state receiver corp to step up that 2011 stats unacceptable. ..rt ronpaulcom a few good reason not to vote for ron paul.. in idaho i hope you bought your alcoholic beverage idaho law say liquor store are closed on voting days. drudge_report grandma we ve been searching for you for year rt kyletrygstad rt jm_dc get ready for some ny redistricting fun. rollcall s 1st take on draft map released by fed judge ..rt 13news no bond for woman accused of dui in crash that injured 4 in va. beach virginia beach -- bond wa denied tuesday.. ..hahahhahhahaa. what for like a day rt tpm newt gingrich to get secret service protection  cantmakethisshitup 3 fake conservative running for rep president all have taken secret service detail on taxpayer . ron paul hasn t.rt moneyovabitkhes shinetime_steve cannible is not b.r.i.m he is s.h.i.t slawest human in tennessee. that is all. -- hahaha damnrt drudge_report ron paul eye nd..  boxee stop by virginia tech and find a hokie instead  senate beckley bluefield lewisburg news weather sportssen. rockefeller seeks .. politicssupertuesday who will emerge a the elephant s choice.rt benjibrown1 iknowdamnwell i said miami improv.. if i said alaska improv guess where it s at bitch  clairecmc i really do not think rush s bust deserves to be in our missouri capitol verifying healthcare eligibility in a recent alaska supreme court case the ex-wife of an employee wa found li.. just confirmed i ll be on the janine turner show at 12 20 central to talk about supertuesday pjtatler tcotrt nicolesandler and if you re in ohio district 9 plz vote for dennis_kucinich peacert nytimes lulzsec hacking suspects are arrested  senate the ron paul moment politicsrt kamaainainoc rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasoklahoma second in nation for tribal gaming  euvi realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region.rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers enter our march contest for a chance to win a great columbus getaway for 4 ohio travelfive members of romney family endorse ron paul for president three to speak at idaho caucus sites lmao mittromneyrt zekejmiller romney to aipac hope is not a foreign policy.  realdonaldtrump mittromney that s the bad news donnie. the good news is that it s not you rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. worth the read - spokanefavs santorum is not the best christianity ha to offer ron paul head for super tuesday delegate haul in fertile idaho via guardianam alert richard pan roll some sushi newt gingrich count on california ag council - board of equalization m.. rt huffingtonpost demi lovato open up about new eating disorder documentary rt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director ..rt ads60nyc tennessee is a sweet gorgeous 1-y o male silver tabby at manhattan acc found abandoned with his mate her kittens. http ..virginia - eib - the rush limbaugh show time to give limbaugh the bum s rush..ohio is santorum s challenge for super tuesday rick santorum faced a crucial test tuesday in ohio where he s d..  msnbc she better watch her back lolrt alwaysright1776 vote newt..solutions not rhetoric. 250gas thedailybeast joshdzieza does it matter if lifespan of a fact is inaccurate we talked w fingal other fact checker the capital of mississippi is massachusetts dumbbroadplay mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrc realdonaldtrump mittromney then romney will be defeated come november. obama2012i don t support him but i think romney actually did well with question of military dad.verifying healthcare eligibility in a recent alaska supreme court case the ex-wife of an employee wa found li.. rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt washingtonpost analysis liberals fascination with electric car and refusal to accept science chucklane1rt frashure dear virginia vote ron paul i m at china house 5331-599 s sooner rd oklahoma city rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..don t forget to vote ohio  realdonaldtrump mittromney i still don t agree that he is the right person for the job but he will win..unfortunately not against dem. huffingtonpost i don t remember a specific moment a far back a i can remember i ve loved the arts.meet nh s mike biundo santorum s top guy new hampshire news0605  realdonaldtrump mittromney thats right trump i am here live at the poll thing are looking up i want to rub your hair donald realdonaldtrump mittromney dream on bro wsjgraphics wsj well with such economic issue people are waiting for act and not just talk supertuesdayso the 66th day of the year is super tuesday. we know who to blame if dr. ron paul doesn t win. illuminatispend your ideas now how do we fix the obama problem set your ideas out then compare.and share right here rt atheismviews but santorum leviticus say no x-post from r pic  senate senator dan coats sponsor job fair for lafayette politicsout at a polling place in downtown richmond..volunteers say they ve had 15 people vote in the last 6 hours. low turnout for supertuesdayurgent before anyone cast the supertuesday vote. watch the men behind the curtain  speakerboehner who are you backing to run for president just got off the thestartupbus ohio in akron. talk about chaos with a purpose starting a biz in just 72 hours. teams forming.chair hoppingchris brown posing with fan at urban outfitters in virginia yesterday rt via twitpicrt ads60nyc tennessee is a sweet gorgeous 1-y o male silver tabby at manhattan acc found abandoned with his mate her kittens. http ..i wish someone out here in georgia would make a tournament for march madness thebigdancert treehugger mitt romney lt 3 the keystone xl pipeline romneyrt jljacobson tell mittromney to fire rushlimbaugh sign the au4change petition prochoice politics fem2 ..rt ronpaulcom i uploaded a youtube video ron paul audit the fed before it s too late  nba.. indiana 72 george 21 -chicago 92 philadelphia 93-milwaukee 97 jennings dallas 91 nowitzki 27 -oklahoma 95..oklahoma tax attorney rod polston is taking a personal approach to solving irs .. - marketwatch press release .. rt chanteljennings michigan basketball coach john beilein will face his former team west virginia next december rt graffiti_sheez but on some real shit lo_ok this graffitihouse graffiti_sheez fuckouttahere rt lcranston1939 daily kos rick santorum single mother are breeding more criminal topprog p2rt notifyboston massachusetts join 9 other state in voting for the presidential primary don t miss out super ..it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of himparty with ricksantorum tonight in ohio ohprimary ohgop santorum  jodie_green91 yeah i ll see how i feel later on got newt to doo when i m off anyways..rt thehill opinion obama s flashing red light to netanyahu on iran by anne penketh iran israel aipacrt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..rt clairecmc john mccain say rush attack on law student totally unacceptable .good for him. that s leadership.john sarah todd http ..rt eugenemirman only when talking about rick santorum. rt huffingtonpost should word like tranny and faggot ever be used .. haleigh_dean you re gunna be in oklahoma  kyleking100 mrojaycutler koldnature can i get a tee to rock in columbus ohiort patriot_mac withnewt lifetime nra mbr unequivocally support gunrights. clarksville fanklin johnsoncit ..oh super romney consulted with obama mass sterilization expert and science czar john holdren  time parent and teacher just don t want to deal with children. my child is great at school but very active at home just a boy.rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he .. lauren0 i m voting ron paul. all politician are evil.rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt ariannahuff shorter krugman it s the austerity stupid wonder how many here in ohio will hit the polls today rt thinkprogress kpua hawaii cancel rush limbaugh show the most recent incident ha crossed a line of decency  harrislapiroff don t forget to vote today if you are voting in ohio  supertuesday follow these great conservative jamieradtke va dsand4nd nd johnkasich ohio thehermancain ga. come on mit supertuesdaymake sure to vote today where are you watching supertuesday result  mrsmandycastro wow that is exciting ronpaul2012 r3volution liberty truth paulbegala sleep number finally found the perfect number for rush limbaugh..86  ingrahamangle kimsfirst a good thing romney supported will of the people. he didn t impose his own a chief exec of mass a obama did usart wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 ..this this this rt teddyspace supertuesday tis a good day for a political junkie. swoon correction fear and anger. rt thehill romney obama fret while iran build nuke tcot aipac2012 romney rt newtgingrich have you been thinking about volunteering for my campaign you can do it from home visit to find ..rt abc romney accuses obama of dawdling with iran sanction supertuesdaystate of ak end lease talk for plywood palace juneau empire - alaska s capital city online newspaper via addthisrt henrybarbour thefix romney is consolidating the folk who want to defeat obama in november retain our majority in the house and t ..if ricksantorum ever get elected for president i m moving to canada.rt cnnlive wolf blitzer moderate a special supertuesday cnn election roundtable with cnn s political team. live  markos markos they have a saying for people like romney he could screw up a wet dream.rt wsj steve jobs s widow the palm pilot inventor and other tech titan are funding effort to help undocumented student ..super tuesday big day dor mitt conservative samizdat the problem w sen. santorum s support for unions zzsantorum tcot gop teaparty notsantorum msnbc nowwithalex chucktodd so you bozo think you knw what s up dream on chuck u are such a 2face alex talk like a firebagger panderer rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rt politicprophet let s put santorum gingrich to bed once and for all tonight. we have bigger fish to fry. barack hussein obama  mrs. romney. i don t consider myself rich because i know i am not.n u my dear don t think about it but have everything u want. good try.rt patriot_mac newt the right to bear arm is not about hunting.. target practice.. it is a right designed to safeguard freedom ..rt samisharpp everyone go vote ron paul today ronpaul ronpaul ronpaul ollybarratt robertmooreitv rt polling station report brisk activity . tell that to your friend mr moore in virginia.rt umichbball michigan will play west virginia on december 15 2012 at the soon-to-be-opened barclays center in ny. ..oklahoma tax attorney rod polston is taking a personal approach to solving irs rt tonyantonello make sure after you vote for ron paul that you take the time to vote for the liberty delegate in your area.new price 9853 columbia rd loveland ohio 45140 via realbirdhappy super tuesday. ron paul supporter have a new tool. tcot ronpaulas you can see there are differing opinion on where newt is headed after today.breaking rt thisbowers romney is going to be the nominee. only question is how long it takes.rt time photos sled dog vs. 1049 miles. it s the iditarod rt msnbc chevy volt named european car of the year rt cnnlive israeli prime minsiter benjamin netanyahu talk with house speaker john boehner. live rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rt drudge_report wikileaked bin laden body not buried at seart wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt ricksantorum if you give me opportunity i will fight for you. wsj called my plan supply-side economics for working man ..tuesday s tennessee basketball briefing 3 6 rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..will romney and the repubs continue to give oil baron tax break a the jack up gas price thee fact tht i go to virginia state university gt gt gt gt gt gt likee i lovee my hbcu onee bigg happy family rt petertirschwell jerry bridges of port of virginia tell tpm2012 we believe we are the biggest the deepest the newest and the be ..i thought i might enjoy coming back to ohio ithoughtwrong brr romney accuses obama of dawdling with iran sanction supertuesday tweets.r.gdrt espndari much better case than northwestern. texas doe too soccerboy15cs espndari if not northwestern what do u think about .. mollyesque pssh.. too expensive. try brown bag deli down in german village. they jacked the price because b. clinton stopped there once.i m at ken s 1576 ohio ave s 129 s live oak rt ads60nyc tennessee is a sweet gorgeous 1-y o male silver tabby at manhattan acc found abandoned with his mate her kittens. http .. realdonaldtrump mittromney flip-flopthe world need an ice cream flavor named mint romney for obvious reasons.rt ariannahuff who said it mitt romney or mr. burns journeys through the alaska wilderness behind a team of sled dogs a policy of non-intervention is the course we should take if we re serious about peace and prosperity liberty work ronpaul supertuesdayrt btntomdienhart michigan will take on west virginia in the brooklyn hoops winter festival at the soon-to-be-opened barclays center o .. therealspiffy01 no that s what ronpaul is gonna do.. reply 5 newt gingrich rt alwaysright1776 vote newt..solutions not rhetoric. 250gasrt defeatromney ronpaul is the only legitimate heir to the spirit of our founding fathers.rt samisharpp everyone go vote ron paul today ronpaul ronpaul ronpaul realalexjones how do you think ron paul will do today on super tuesday the five safest station were arlington cemetery clarendon eisenhower avenue farragut west and virginia sq.-gmu. really wmata really rt ricksantorum our country wa founded on idea of god-given right not govt-given rights. we need leader who hold this a core belief.rt robertmooreitv watching super tuesday in virginia is to see why president obama will win in november. major excitement deficit for ..outsider you decide ricksantorumrt teamsantorum party with ricksantorum tonight in ohio ohprimary ohgop santorum rt discoverohio enter our march contest for a chance to win a great columbus getaway for 4 ohio travel gop classwar - rick santorum single mother are breeding more criminal  speakerboehner waysandmeansgop trying to misinform seniors now you have no ethics. do your duty vote a repub out.will the romney family tradition of a movie on primary day continue or will it be more laundry taggromneyrt dscc 275 00 signature 25 00 likes 3 600 tweets 20 advertiser and counting rush misogynyrt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of him timodc was this the column in which he said his angry e-mail proved that democrats would lose vietnam or something rt huffingtonpost colbert call rush limbaugh a poster boy for contraception  realdonaldtrump mittromney if. the same wa said for hillary..rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of him huffingtonpost sad day for mechanic when that happens  realdonaldtrump mittromney boring then what another mccain trump. you turned out to be confusing a a billionaire so called republicani understand that ronpaul_2012 supporter were lining up in north idaho liquor store to purchase their jackdaniels yesterday to celebratejust in time for super tuesday lets hide ronpaul famouslies thingsthatpissgirlsoff ifyouthinkaboutit ows fraudrt nbenson59 if you do not like rush limbaugh just turn the dial. do not deny me my freedom tcot withnewtschool meals bill stalls despite man s 28-day hunger strike the alaska bill ha been in  only a totalitarian society would even claim absolute safety a a worthy ideal ronpaul supertuesday gop rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers  mistahbahbis11 that s like saying boise state can survive in the sec just cuz they beat georgia.. na manrt huffingtonpost tb scare at colo. high school more than 100 student infected rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. ..gloria borger if romney win significantly tonight we will see the beginning of the end of the process. cnn live webex eventjust voted however my grandmother cancelled out my vote sorry ron paul rt voxxinews romney ad again go after sotomayor confirmation vote by carlosasanchez rt msnbc rhode island woman 81 win powerball 336 million rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of himrt cnnbrk lulzsec hacker arrested source says. clear channel discontinue rush limbaugh s radio talk show. signon clearchannel rush romney netflix capitalonedress for success cafepress predicts presidential winner ahead of supertuesday tweets.r.gdi got mine now go get yours supertuesday romney hoping for a big leap in delegate race rt ewerickson 6yo wanted to know if people call today super tuesday because barbie s mermaid tale 2 come out on dvd today.rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..rt american_bridge famouslies dicklugar wa already in washington..why not stop by fundraiser return to storm-ravaged indy ..rt buzzfeedandrew rt charliepolitico romney super pac ally have 4-to-1 ad-spending adv over santorum ally in ohio. overall it ..rt thisbowers romney is going to be the nominee. only question is how long it takes.rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rt ronpaulcom i uploaded a youtube video ron paul audit the fed before it s too late polls close at 7 p.m. for va. gop primary bluefield va. wvva - voters in virginia have until 7 p.m. tuesday ..  jeffsharlet as someone who grew up in a one-parent father-led household i want to know what santorum think of single dads.ron paul anchorage dena ina civic convention center march 4th 2012 via youtube ron paul for president 2012  jaydabliu did you know today wa supertuesday in the usa well not really relevant just thought you should know lolwest virginia - eib - the rush limbaugh show time to give limbaugh the bum s rush..jose depaz - dumfries virginia web design jose depaz - dumfries virginia web design web design companies web de.. a 33 yr old fellow from georgia just replied to a 30 yr old bird in illinois looks like they re getting along at poll in west roxbury hyde park support for romney - is pumped about today supertuesday jasminenic0le ima go to alaska and freeze myselfmy prediction for supertuesday is that people will care more about taco tuesday than who win more primaries.rt theblacksphere gingrich ha baggage o wa nannied by a tranny. no wonder dems don t want 2 know his past tcot tlot tpp p2what s newt gingrich going to do if today doesn t go so well supertuesday gbtv sjanti-sharia bill on ice in georgia listening to malveaux on cnn. blatantly anti-romney.rt votepaul2012 mitt romney i d vote for ronpaul if he becomes the gop nominee.  timleigh how s little timmy from grand forks north dakota rt sunnydaydreamer warning voter fraud in ohio via dailypaulrt time call u crazy but maybe the lorax shouldn t be selling suvs rt zzsantorum chuck norris trashes rick santorum zzsantorum tcot teaparty teapartyvssantorumrt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..ha who said it mitt romney or mr. burns via dccomics today will be a super tuesday for mittromney he will win over 220 delegate from state across region. he will be the nominee valvenisentsoo who going to vote today i know it basically pointless i m still ready to cast my ballot for president obama supertuesdayrt giganewt look ppl remembr tht the vote is proportional n some state any vote withnewt mean more clout go w newt ak id nd ..rt thinkprogress michelle bachmann play the victim the rhetoric is far worse against people who stand up for traditional marriage. .. kathrynlopez santorum will drop soon enough his slide ha begun from his makebelieve momentum where no 1 campaigned against him 250gasrt teamsantorum party with ricksantorum tonight in ohio ohprimary ohgop santorum i will vote today before 7 p.m. like to gripe about politician you should to then. supertuesday okprimaryattorneys office in bomoseen attorneys office in bomoseen vermontsuper my rear end. supertuesdayrt patriot_mac newt the right to bear arm is designed to safeguard freedom. nra military veteran tpp teaparty ohprimary tcot frenzee are you from tennessee because you re the only ten i see p 336 million rhode island woman 81 win powerball virginia house republicans battle obama and epa tea party .. virginia attorney general ken cuccinelli joine.. rt speakerboehner tune in house leader hold bipartisan medium availability w israelipm netanyahu  realdonaldtrump mittromney most likely to win cuz your other candidate couldnt even make it to the race second place in a race for twort cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. rt dcscene all 4 location of dailygrill have all-night happy hour for supertuesday 4 pm-close. food drink special 4 cheeseburgerrt nytimes lulzsec hacking suspects are arrested romney santorum say there will be no gap between u.s. israel mar. 6 - republican presidential candidate un.. rt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..newt on the very 1st day i m prez i will sign the exec order to move the u.s. embassy to jerusalem in recognition of israeli sovereignty rt ft romney and santorum locked in dead heat financialtimessad but true-- our cnnpolitics political desk wearing ohio state shirt today -- those poor folk stevebruskcnn cnnjustin marlenacnnrt thinkprogress michelle bachmann play the victim the rhetoric is far worse against people who stand up for traditional marriage. ..in super tuesday s shadow ohio s poorest struggle to rise rt postpolitics what s the scene on supertuesday in your state send u photo description using votewatch newt s got the firel in his belly.. none of the other candidate does. rt jimantle rt stoutcat all the way rt chrisbrownzone chris brown posing with fan at urban outfitters in virginia yesterday rt super tuesday voter put imprint on gop race mitt romney is angling to solidify his front-runner status and ric.. rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall  realdonaldtrump mittromney boring then what another mccain trump. you turned out to be confusing a a billionaire so called rinonobody in savannah or maybe georgia got dis norfolk state or odu fittedohio model search by glamnatural  americnelephant newt only call bs when it benefit himself.ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy via thinkprogressjust spoke to a d friend in virginia who voted in the republican primary for ron paul - not a pro-paul vote an anti-romney. supertuesday speakerboehner israelipm john boehner did get the sugar cooky i sent to you sweetie pie davisbakerny niclott have you heard about mitt coming here --yep. friday.rt notifyboston massachusetts join 9 other state in voting for the presidential primary don t miss out super ..rt huffingtonpost actress double down on the artist rape comment who said it mitt romney vs. mr. burns romney s super tuesday polls surge after he begins flaunting his wealth warforthewhitehouse choosing an hampshire massachusetts life insurance rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..the march april 2012 issue of georgia realtor magazine is online click on the link below to read the latest.. 6 romney family members hit campaign trail..for ron paul anti-nuclear groups in georgia seek to block first new nuclear plants in u.s. in decades rt wepickrick meet nh s mike biundo santorum s top guy new hampshire news0605 laboratory specialist sr university of virginia charlottesville va the department of surgery is seeking a .. it could be a supertuesday if my strength and talent fit an open position with your homebuilding co. -  lesliemarshall i guess mrs romney s idea of wealthy is different from minert thedemocrats romney s making flat-out dishonest statement about the president s record and position on iran. here are the fact ..rt lindswhite i need to be in virginia on spring break with the lax girl nowrt patriot_mac newt the right to bear arm is not about hunting.. target practice.. it is a right designed to safeguard freedom ..let s go ronpaul ronpaul .. super tuesday rt opieradio happy super tuesday - somewhererightnow mittromney is trying to convince a group of people he s just like them.ap video voters are making their pick across georgia in what could be the biggest test yet for newt gingrich rt zacmoffatt rt edwgillespie voted for gov romney this am like fellow virginians bobmcdonnell ericcantor pro-growth strong le ..time to end the goodoneterm experiment. vote santorumrt joedec89 keithrivals hopefully we can get some of that georgia talent soon. mizzou your coach are working on ithappy supertuesday everyone rt todayspolitics santorum single moms are breeding more criminals politics woman sell chicken mcnugget for 8 100 look like father of our country. i have half a fry that resembles mitt. rt wepickrick this is a must read for santorum supporters. the parallel between reagan s primary run in 1980 and rick santorum.. ht ..really tho thelibraicon oh wow. dailykos rick santorum single mother are breeding more criminal rt nbcnews 336 million rhode island woman 81 win powerball central georgia real estate firm trusts infinity network solutions with .. macon ga real estate firm relies o.. i m at georgia state university 33 gilmer st sw at courtland st atlanta w 6 others live it. love it march north dakota matters. oil happiest state tourism conference 2020 beyond it s all here this month rt jo_guinn looking forward to the large amount of delegate mittromney will receive tonight supertuesdayromneylandslide mitt2012 thinkprogress yeah well forgive u for being disgusted with bigotry.newt need your super tuesday support withnewtalaska musher aliy zirkle leading iditarod musher aliy zirkle who finished 11th in the iditarod last year wa first monday night i.. nnomad_ instead we get davidgergin cnn telling u what a great speech santorum gave in iowa and what a remarkable victory it wa for him senate_gops energy experts debunk right-wing defense of oil subsidies rt nbcnews 336 million rhode island woman 81 win powerball rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. ..rt macmcclelland rt davidcorndc santorum on single-moms in 1994 simply breeding more criminals. waronwomenrt sunnydaydreamer warning voter fraud in ohio via dailypaulrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt drudge_report ron paul eye nd.. feeling superstoked on this tues. 4some reason. let god inspire your choice 2day. my choice is in u ps16 2 supertuesdayrt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price .. kamaainainoc leetledrum west v biden newt v bo - - very entertaining and kinda hilarious rt stonerjesus420 six romney family members hit campaign trail for ron paul - ronpaul2012uh oh santorum can t collect he s in big trouble better vote for newt gingrich than throw your vote away. pro-obama super pac slams romney s agenda for the wealthy live it. love it march north dakota matters. oil happiest state tourism conference 2020 beyond it s all here this month rt dancemomchristi yes virginia i will be tweeting live tonight. east coast time. dancemomswe e getting a little green here too but not muh. rt ar_ranchhand things are greening up in tennessee this get me excited for springyou cannot find peace by avoiding life. - virginia woolfrt floraduh1 gingrich and we will have an executive order to repeal every act of religious bigotry by the obama administration period ..i m at max erma s 4512 virginia beach blvd virginia beach rt jeffsharlet hearing santorum speak would make me side with the cylons if romney hadn t already beaten me to it.rt pimpinkendotnet this dumb as ohio weather..one day it be like 69 n sunny..the next day it s 24 n snowin..but then the snow turn ..rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he .. asianposh1 me either i wa just kidding about the duggars a they campaign 4 santorum. i m smack in the middle rt wsjgraphics ohio and tennessee are the state to watch on super tuesday. the wsj guide rt cbsthismorning and at 8am we talk to karen santorum jack dorsey jonahhill channingtatum and celebrate 100 year of the ore ..rt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director ..15 potentially massive threats to the u.s. economy over the next 12 months - economy tlot tcot ronpaul gop2012rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt tylerrehorn my boy gasq4 gonne be at east georgia hopefully j_swole thereal_lukec will be there toomoms in motion is sponsoring the autism society of central virginia s 5k run walk in may donate here medicaid runrt ariannahuff how the sleep deficit is damaging america s long-term health sleepweek rt giganewt look ppl remembr tht the vote is proportional n some state any vote withnewt mean more clout go w newt ak id nd ..rt huffingtonpost a charming way to dress up cupcake check out one of my favorite new find in cleveland. a handmade shop featuring artist and crafter in ohio rt theatlanticwire obama spark a bitter dispute between columbia and barnard the usa get to choose between a mitt and a newt. londoners get to choose between a muppet and a newt-fanciernorth dakota voters.want obama s algae and 9.99 gas or newt s 2.50 gas 4all2c ndcaucus nd gop rnc 250gasnc middle high school student win up to 1k trip to dc in capitolhistory essay contest on making democracy work rt sunnydaydreamer the only people ronpaul will feel obliged to help are we the people not goldman sachs. he get his support from ..rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers mitt romney turn to energy policy in north dakota campaign stop .. rt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. happy superman tuesday supertuesday batmansonofsuparman  gt oklahoma sooners ncaa football silicone rubber wrist bands bracelets set of 2 for s rt redstate1 mitt romney make closing argument in ohio - los angeles times  liberty is lost through complacency and a subservient mindset ronpaul supertuesday gop  northumberland county virginia genealogy edwards  psu s college of medicine see a big grant. also santorum a rooster and rachelpolansky on a remarkable athlete  jo_guinn mittromney you go jordan. let s make it happenrt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers alaska musher aliy zirkle leading iditarod musher aliy zirkle who finished 11th in the iditarod last year was.. rt tgnoble newt2012hq check out newtgingrich s new op-ed cnbc outlining his plan to balancebudget read th ..new website launch athens georgia criminal defense attorney website rt msnbc rhode island woman 81 win powerball 336 million rt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread confessions pt. 2 i once accidentally wrote henry burris instead of roland burris in print. illinoisgirlproblemsromney and santorum locked in dead heat financialtimes nytimes how can you allow such intrusive advertising on your site ..rt torgospizza rt thedailybeast newt 2.50 gingrich mocks obama biofuel is cloud cuckoo land but moon c ..rt drudge_report ga win may not be enough.. rt cbsnews fbi offer 1 million for info on former agent who vanished in iran five year ago rt huffingtonpost holy katniss an exclusive first look at the hunger games adventures rt gbtv what s newt gingrich going to do if today doesn t go so well supertuesday gbtv sjreplace him with ron paul the road to tennessee are green  tjschaefer3 mdanner24 killahhquan if they would have just beat st. joes or virginia they would be in. there out of conf schedule wa weakrt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..secret meth lab sparked fatal fire at ohio nursing home via addthisrt garepublicans supertuesday have you voted yet georgia poll will remain open until 7 00pm gagop gapolrt patriot_mac newt the right to bear arm is not about hunting.. target practice.. it is a right designed to safeguard freedom ..rt sandyboynton the problem with leaving on that midnight train to georgia is you d end up in georgia sleepy and without a car. thoug ..alaska musher aliy zirkle leading iditarod sport news supertuesday norwood precincts 3 5 polling place rt patriot_mac newt the right to bear arm is designed to safeguard freedom. nra clarksville fanklin johnsoncity kingsport gop2 ..rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall i added a video to a youtube playlist msnbc ron paul wants influence not powers1 it solutions wins competitive leadership award at 2012 ibm conference boise idaho march 6 2012 prnewswir.. rt fredschneider3 hmm when newt gingrich he doesn t deserve cap smile doe he look like a grey haired benny hill if benny wa p ..rt timobrien in super tuesday s shadow ohio s poorest struggle to rise  abc cbs nbc davidbrooksnyt barackobama mark shields re rnc candidates they just start rattling sabers mittromney rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..so doe gingrich rt treehugger mitt romney lt 3 the keystone xl pipeline romneycandidates making big promise rt nytimespolitics gingrich to move american embassy to jerusalem on day 1 j2150w fredschneider3 i bet he ha a minute gingrich rt thedemocrats new poll show romney s image is currently worse than recent candidate who went on to win a presidential nomination. ..rt apadiv28 div28super university of vermont postdoctoral position in drug abuse research university of vermont announces.. ..rt therealreks mitt romney look like an assholert thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. happy supertuesdaysantorum single moms are breeding more criminals rt intelwar six romney family members hit campaign trail for ron paul  cazeyw yes you must even if you have to vote for ron paul a the anti-romney lolsomehow i think it s going to be romney s night. nfldraftwizard with the 115th pick in the 2012 expertsmock draft the tennessee titans have selected lucas nix g pittrt rags2rockets ewerickson is middle georgia like middle earth how would canada vote on supertuesday google search trend offer a hint rt la_hargis rt patriot_mac newt the right to bear arm is designed to safeguard freedom. nra military veteran tpp teaparty ..bond denied for driver in va. beach bus-stop crash virginia beach a circuit court judge this morning denied a .. if gingrich is elected president i ll move to jerusalem with the embassy.support newt gingrich on this super tuesday. we need his leadership for the future of this nation. supertuesday special rt entmagazine how the republican presidential candidates stack up on small-business taxes rt donnabrazile rip nj congressman donald payne. sending condolence to his family constituent and colleagues. payne wa a staunch f ..ron paul. supertuesdayrt forewasabi nfldraftwizard with the 115th pick in the 2012 expertsmock draft the tennessee titans have selected lucas nix g pitt usatoday one dead after meth lab explodes at ohio nursing home fixing link ntvsandreahay liamwrt michaelroston does anyone ch-ch-choose romney drudgehedsrt huffingtonpost billmaher here s your new rule for craigslist video rt postpolitics what s the scene on supertuesday in your state send u photo description using votewatch daily kos .. mittromney making situation worse in iran via dailykos took lesson from palin on foreign policy rt marccamp fitting that wrecking ball come out on super tuesday. let s hope this country actually vote for the only real candidate ..rt nlasmus don t miss gbtv s supertuesday election coverage ..it may be a little different than what you see on the msm ..rt norsu2 rt albertemartinez battleground ohio mitt2012 ohgoplegal professional in oklahoma family member legislation queries answered by ms. beaumont video ranking 5 fi.. health care overnight child care - anchorage alaska job akrt huffingtonpost survey americans think americans are the world s worst tourist time in united states - oklahoma is 11 24 22 am unitedstates-oklahoma time world more info rt financialtimes romney and santorum locked in dead heat financialtimesbig east tournament notre dame women beat west virginia to reach final  cnn i think obama v clinton wa much more of a blood bath. it went till june give it a break cnn.. still talking about rush..rt nbcnews 336 million rhode island woman 81 win powerball rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of himother wbs client associate - anchorage alaska job akrick look up my gut i ll give a contribution mt hermancainshat santorum ohio a gut check your gut your uterus he want it checked. brookebcnn no there isn t a line p.s what do you think of six romney family member supporting repronpaulrt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of himrt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of himrt usatoday we ve got a list of the 10 best freebie at u.s. and foreign airport travelrt republicanrocks youngrepublicans we want to hear from you where are you voting today ga oh tn va ok ma id nd ak vt ..rick santorum say it gut-check time and he s right-- if you re not voting for santorum then you re voting for satan.rt ofa_sc 30 376 young adult in south carolina have gained health coverage through their parent plan thanks to the aca. ..time in united states - oklahoma is 11 24 22 am unitedstates-oklahoma time world more info independent thinker are voting for mitt he is the only one organized enough to win. santorum or newt can t even fill out the paper work look at a map for oldfort tennessee here for all the hell republicans gave clinton edwards i can t believe they are turning a blind eye on gingrich.rt btntomdienhart michigan will take on west virginia in the brooklyn hoops winter festival at the soon-to-be-opened barclays center o ..rt cnn a woman loses four son to gun violence a new orleans look to shake murder city title rt giganewt look ppl remembr tht the vote is proportional n some state any vote withnewt mean more clout go w newt ak id nd ..sen. murkowski r-alaska regret voting for a controversial birth control amendment by sen. roy blunt and wouldn t vote for it again lakarune i think they ascribe 2 same beliefs. romney said not word i would use so he ha no problem w belief system just profanity.to my ohio family friend remember to vote for sexual rights. that mean don t vote for santorum today to vote for obama in november.in supertuesday s shadow ohio s poorest struggle to rise via huffpostdetroit poverty politicsrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  theplumlinegs thinkprogress donnabrazile and the country is losing it s soul.rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price .. romney on guns control in his own words ndcaucus fargo bismarck grandforks minot nd withnewt 250gas jobs tpp rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of himrt postpolitics ohio poll show mitt romney gaining rick santorum volatile rt whinenot newt on the very 1st day i m prez i will sign the exec order to move the u.s. embassy to jerusalem in recognition of isr ..rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he .. thefix oh. i guess it s now a felony to protest any event the newt is present at. charming. hr347 gingrich owsrt maddowblog newt moon base gingrich say algae-for-energy come from cloud cuckoo land health care need reliable babysitter - anchorage alaska job akrt dacw10 rick will triple child deduction eliminate marriage tax penalty oh tn al ms ks ohprimary nd ga teaparty ..romney santorum square off in super tuesday battle agreed alphabeat they say it s supertuesday in the us because of politics.. we say it s because of this vacationrt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..health care sitter and light housework - anchorage alaska job akrt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..rt huffpostpol romney looking to quell doubt about frontrunner status face big test in ohio  northfield seminary east river massachusetts ma c1901 northfieldann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy via huffingtonpost paulbegala the dnc hasn t been so willing to compromise either grandbargain dwstweets have to cut just can t tax rich. propaganda cnntoday ronpaul supporter come out of their mother basement to vote for liberty endthefed goldline newsletter worstforeignpolicyeverhealth care daytime childcare for three - anchorage alaska job akrt msnbc rhode island woman 81 win powerball 336 million rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. .. wsjgraphics - this data will be proportionate to a hope for romney.that s because romney can t beat obama.bless her heart. ann romney we can be poor in spirit video  hst1410 hamilton moved the capitol to virginiai wanna move out of ohiort wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers if i dont get into a m texas or ohio state i ll just go to a catholic college.rt envirojon so doe gingrich rt treehugger mitt romney lt 3 the keystone xl pipeline ..rt ronpaulsvoice subservient society neither maintain nor deserve freedom for long ronpaul supertuesday goprt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread such lie gt the talking head say iran nuke could fall into hand of terrorist but never mention pakistan a threat. wtf ronpaul gop2012 los virginia fabrega jimmy_gzz69 jp so proud of you santorum is the frothy mixture timhortons call a latt .rt pc1170 just voted for rick santorum. nbcnews 336 million rhode island woman 81 win powerball ..mommy..i ve missed you so much.. idaho gop caucus team coverage begin at noon on ktvb. dr. weatherby dr. adler join u throughout the day evening w political analysis.rt senatorburr nc middle high school student win up to 1k trip to dc in capitolhistory essay contest on making democracy work ..rt incrediblyrich oh rick santorum. you just fail at everything really don t you gut check time in ohgop primary. fb ricksantorum nomorerinos fireobama gameon wepickrick ricksantorum2012 rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rt teamsantorumoh live in green co and are a big santorum supporter contact dustin at dustin4santorum yahoo.com santorum2012attorney in oklahoma city law office of beaumont 1 attorney in .. rt thinkprogress michelle bachmann play the victim the rhetoric is far worse against people who stand up for traditional marriage. ..rt wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 .. borowitzreport ouch from columbus ohio satan s hq and kasich plus mike deswine too at least we ain t the yankees farm team anymore.rt texans4ronpaul something tell me we ll know le after super tuesday than we do now. i hear msm trying to shove romney down gops ..oh noes. it s supertuesday again prepare for tweet avalanche rt usatoday second radio station drop limbaugh rt ingrahamangle santorum on romney and the individual mandate it is not going to be an easy election we can t afford to be giving a ..rt chrisbrownzone chris brown posing with fan at urban outfitters in virginia yesterday rt  mkepmr how about a prototype sent to tulsa for some oklahoma marketing  jaketapper in your original piece on fluke you said republican denied her a seat at this all male table . i think it wa misleading. reddit santorum single moms are breeding more criminals submitted by me1986tram link 14 comment rulezhappy supertuesday santorum single moms are breeding more criminals submitted by me1986tram link 14 comment rt fredmattrickson newt gingrich still look like susan boylevoted 4 ronpaul in the georgia primary and for sundaysale on this supertuesday and i encourage my fellow georgians to do the same rt speakerboehner tune in press conference re gop action to address gasprices 4jobs the jobs act on the floor this week ..as president romney will rule with an iron fist demanding total obedience just a doe the mormon cult of it members. not conservatismopponents take on romney in bay state massachusetts resident will have their say in the heated 2012 republican..  stainedscarlet no i live in ohio.. im visiting maryland..rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt suntimes something in the water dolphin and beluga pregnant at shedd aquarium must read. romney is already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director  noworldforeric i know. but that doesnt mean that it matter if ron paul can say a punch line against romney. people dont get the game ingrahamangle to ron paul ronald regan wa a democrat he came out ok. mitt romneys been much more conservative in his life than reagan wa luvsqueaky lol shii idk i got to look that up u n tennessee now rt nprnews eu nations to resume nuclear talks with iran anybody in virginia i might have to go out there for some trainingkennedy funding closes note purchase and refinancing transactions in oklahoma .. es kennedy funding inc. .. about to vote for my crazy nigga ron paul in the va primary. fuckmormanmittyour mom sure did. asswipe. rt todayspolitics santorum single moms are breeding more criminals politics legal professional in oklahoma family member legislation queries answered by ms. beaumont video ranking 5 fi.. gingrich want eye of the tiger lawsuit dismissed the federal lawsuit filed by rude music inc. say gingrich .. rt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director ..rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of himsantorum s cog. dissonance chldrn having chldrn is destroying the fabric of our country v the danger of contracptn n this country rt fmanjoo best humblebrag ever ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy  marccamp i will be voting for him ronpaulrt dscc 275 00 signature 25 00 likes 3 600 tweets 20 advertiser and counting rush misogynygeeze santorum is such a dick whistle i m doing 30 days hard time in the facebook pokey for friending someone in ohio listen facebook we got 8 months.. rt sammy_socialite alpha phi omega present let me serve you up informational for a unicef talent show on march 8 2012 7 25pm at g ..check out the weather for youngstown ohio here santorum single moms are breeding more criminals submitted by me1986tram link 14 comment rt apcampaign ap video voters are making their pick across georgia in what could be the biggest test yet for newt gingrich ..all in all santorum s unorganization cost him close too a 100 delegate forfeit on super tuesday. thats nearly a 25 of delegate at stake rt nbcnews 336 million rhode island woman 81 win powerball  paperview1 georgia u already knw  snapnewspapers terry ha a live radio interview by phone monday in roanoke va. the georgia snap is probably closer to kansas city though.how did i just now realize that romney is just mixed up money with an r if we want real change we ll elect a man who balanced 4 federal budget reformed entitlemts. a winner newt2012 supertuesday teapartyromney rebounds among conservatives but gop contenders all stay underwater gary langer .. family practice in massachusetts family medicine-north of boston-holistic medicine- 150k starting salary ..  realdonaldtrump mittromney romney is ultra left in what he believes.. huffingtonpost ann romney should take a look at clearly she doesnt understand how their income compares. mittbuckswow-- gt romney surrogate trump trashes george will a loser with little round spectacles and cute little greasy haircut clearly ann romney ha never been poor. use your wealth for positive change and enjoy your good fortune.rt billhaslam it s supertuesday after month of a hotly contested primary tn will play an important role. tennesseans be sure to .. richardtrumka ricksantorum did you check all your pocket lmaomitt romney s wife doesn t really consider herself wealthy - yes.. this wa your outside voice outoftouch attorney in oklahoma city law office of beaumont 1 attorney in ..  lilshit24 1. he s the least evil. 2. most of his son are hot. 3. it wa a vote against santorum.rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..rt nbcnews 336 million rhode island woman 81 win powerball  themarylands they don t. closest airport is 2.5 hour away in vermont and we would have to transfer at jfk. will look though.rt dalejrjrmusic norman- only a few ticket left for tonight at the opolis. can t wait to see you all for our oklahoma showtennessee moonshine babyrt msnbc rhode island woman 81 win powerball 336 million mt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing santorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of himrt usrealitycheck ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran mitt romney illustrates his for.. ..rt msnbc rhode island woman 81 win powerball 336 million win a 40 gift certificate to dinner at the old spaghetti factory with meghantucker  izzysambition ha yeah not likely ..ohio weather is bipolar lol wardbrenda mitt romney is driving me crazy  realdonaldtrump mittromney doe america really want a man who need a debate coach will he have how to be a president coach to how celebrity measure up on google infographic rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers  chrstinadarling the voting started in ohio at about 12 00 gmt so result by lunchtime tomorrow id sayrt cnnbrk lulzsec hacker arrested source says. rt ac360 rt cnnsitroom watch supertuesday roundtable now w wolfblitzercnn arifleischer donnabrazile peterhambycnn ..rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasarent you missing a candidate rt marklevinshow ..super tuesday primary today who will you vote for santorum romney gingrich is wondering when sarahbjack is coming to oklahoma and hoping i will be there too rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of himsantorum definitely wouldn t like this elitist house share voting under way for supertuesday  bethrenaldi too manymy superpac is bigger than your superpac. nyah supertuesdayann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy sigh tcot tlot ocra twister ucot sgprt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread rt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread oklahoma tax attorney rod polston is taking a personal approach to solving irs problems norman okla.-- eon en.. super tuesday battle for ohio video news daveweigel alaska ha great one dutch harbor fisherman nome nugget arctic sounder and wasila s.. frontiersman. angus king aide kay rand on if king will caucus w party everything is on the table he ll do what s best to advance maine s interests.rt romneynews news article romney hope is not a foreign policy rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..wvu michigan to play in hoop next season a matchup between west virginia coach bob huggins and former mountai.. rt mitchbenn at least now we know not all religious zealot in the us are southern. santorum s from pennsylvania. 17th century pennsyl ..rt democracynow freedom university undocumented students in georgia forced to attend underground school freedom ..why netanyahu and obama are still divided over iran via nationaljournalman metroadlib from virginia like shit. dc voice rt financialtimes romney and santorum locked in dead heat financialtimessuper tuesday. primaries galore. hopefully santorum pull out in front after today.proactive wastewater policy ha helped the chesbay baynews virginiagov johnkasich announces state disaster relief for southern ohio families and local governments impact by last week s tornadoes and storms6 romney family members hit campaign trail for ron paul mitt just doesn t understand the constitution like ron paul  speakerboehner israelipm oh great war monger gathering - gop netanyahurt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. .. waksik what s up wisconsin trying to be more red than oklahoma rcp video wounded vet s father dave mcarthur to mitt romney look me in the eye and tell me he ll be taken care of. guest feature by tom junod 103 calls confessions of a rick santorum volunteer longreadsrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall at the tennessee business analytics user group. what a turnout mt allietexx juts voted mass dem ballot is red gop ballot is blue or is that just in my town are they trying to confuse u mapoli andrewenglish well obama already ha my vote. unless romney ha some pretty convincing words.. but that s highly doubtfulromney hope is not a foreign policy mitt romney address the aipac conference and criticizes president.. bestoftvromney eye crown a us vote on super tuesday - afp reclaimyourtv tweet up ron paul today and retweet good posts. hopefully i have provided a few today. we need to own the search terms. r3volutionrisingrt cnnlive wolf blitzer moderate a special supertuesday cnn election roundtable with cnn s political team. live rick santorum just pejoratively called iran s leader radical theocrats. hmm. pot meet kettle-wanna-be. p2 fem2rt govchristie dems have stopped talking tax increase joined call for relief we ve turned trenton upside down ..rt onionpolitics diamond-wearing romney men want to be me women want to be with me warforthewhitehouse  cnn piersmorgan that s free speech it for everyone. mickeyjohnson07 realdonaldtrump mittromney he bankrupted massachusetts with romneycarert opieradio happy super tuesday - somewhererightnow mittromney is trying to convince a group of people he s just like them.oklahoma s own jc watts vote for newt on march 6 video withnewt 250gas newtgingrichrt time israeli pm netanyahu appeal to the u.s. on iran but will it work guide for dukes massachusetts life insurance cool. rt french radio europe1 want to interview a tn voter who speaks french. contact lisepressac supertuesday 2012 3jhesuper tuesday voter put imprint on gop race supertuesday gop2012have sippy will travel columbus ohio- plan your next trip be careful u might start a 2nd mi oh war mollyesque reuben at katzinger s is delicious but not a delicious a zingerman s. sorry ohio rt moonglowpr romney family misspells name in greatest freudian slip in history mitt romney mormonism and authenticity the economist idaho - 9 05am - murder truck arrived slaughter house. carrots potato are witnessing their final moment of life. tweet4taijirt ingrahamangle ron paul on romney s support for an individual mandate i think it show you that he is not a free-market conservative.america wa founded by men who understood that the threat of domestic tyranny is a great a any threat abroad ronpaul supertuesday goprt barackobama by romney s own standard his tax plan is a failure for middle-class family a 22 yr old chap from kentucky just replied to a 19 yr old grrl in tennessee looks like they re getting along rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt huffingtonpost exclusive ex-head of israeli intelligence criticizes mitt romney on iran making the situation worse .. realdonaldtrump mittromney please.. let 39 s make this sooner rather than later or we forfeit any hope of defeating obama rt speakerboehner via tpm republicans have seized on rising gas price hammering this notion on a daily basis ..rt drudge_report ron paul eye nd.. rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..rt theatlantic why netanyahu and obama are still divided over iran via nationaljournalas of noon the report i am getting from across ohio the state indicate a modest voter turnout. supertuesdaykudos to rick santorum for taking his missed virginia primary paperwork gracefully while newt gingrich threw a temper tantrum.rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of himrt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers l. r. emerson ii currently i not only use my virginia commonwealth university vcu graduat.. vcu vcuarts rvavideo santorum at aipac obama turned his back on israel rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. mt ap supertuesday one bite at a time get update insight audio and video from dozen of ap journalist rt governorperry makeabetteramerica newt s american energy plan to cut gas price to 2.50 by more us production and replacing epa. ..rt elsiesnuffin tough telling them apart. rt katskii this is brilliant who said that mitt romney or mr burns ..rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall  alaska sen. lisa murkowski regrets voting for blunt amdt rt washingtonpost one solution for struggling school let the student parent take over educationrt huffingtonpost colbert call rush limbaugh a poster boy for contraception because you re rick santorum - thatswhyyouhavenofriendskingsport tenn. newt gingrich said on monday he belief israel shouldn t give the obama administration any.. this thursday at heat come check out ohio s finest club heat. 10 buck at the door.rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. .. we should have more confidence in citizen making their own decision and decide once again to repeal federal prohibition ronpaul gop family practice in massachusetts family medicine-north of boston-holistic medicine- 150k starting salary holisti - rt billhaslam it s supertuesday after month of a hotly contested primary tn will play an important role. tennesseans be sure to ..mom sentenced for assaulting son leaving him on interstate benton ky. -- a tennessee mother who pleaded guilt.. rt time he s young handsome and the heir to a political dynasty. why can t rahul gandhi win in india yikes icy road and too much speed led to these dramatic scene in columbus ohio. eek.  hlm25933 newt is a master of deception. proposed global warming instruction for public school in 2007 book. tn oh rt huffpostpol wyoming lawmaker reject welfare drug testing bill over question of constitutionality  nowwithalex i admit they should run romney s wife probably do a hell of a lot better.obama is not incompetent.. he know exactly what he s doing. all part of the obama agenda. vote him out inde ohio saveamericahelp u end lra violence. visit to find out why and how. mittromney join u for kony2012a beautiful article on kirtan kriya for mothers and children from new blogger karena virginia who brings a.. watch president obama s first full news conference of the year at 10 15 am pst on newshour live stream supertuesday rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. .. bestjobsonline what part of georgiart maddow super tuesday eve.. stocking hung by the chimney with care delegate math still up in the air ohio s poorest struggle to rise via huffingtonpost ohio need to voting for republicons they don t care about the porrt ihoperick i hope rick santorum is trapped in the flying dutchman s ship and the only way out is through the perfume.. ..ya and i m not asian huffingtonpost ann romney doesn t consider herself wealthy. say what you re rich biatch super tuesday voter put imprint on gop race supertuesday gop2012fuck virginia.rt thedailyshow . ricksantorum introduces his secretary of education. rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says.  aridavidusa lame.. very lame. ron paul 2012 is the only way to fix america vote ron paul mittromney i just passed you on sr 161 in new albany oh. wasn t expecting that on my lunch breakso excited going to georgia in a few weeks. bucketlistohio victory could seal the deal for romney - via addthis picnictyme it wa more prevalent in ohio too that time..can t call if it s more regional pride in where we re from or following trends. nicoolioviero u have to ricksantorum such a truthful statement lol romney avoided the draft by serving on his mission driving around the french countryside living in a palace.  ngoddardwfrv true but honestly i m more intrigued by depaul uconn than i am seton hall xavier or s.dakota st. north texas rt thinkprogress michelle bachmann play the victim the rhetoric is far worse against people who stand up for traditional marriage. ..get the facts newt withnewt 250gas maprimary tnprimary ohprimary gaprimary okprimary rt ppact rt sarahkliff sen. lisa murkowski r- alaska tell anchorage daily news she regret supporting the bluntamendment. ..the wof ad mitt is not the type to pump his own gas pisses me off nothing like class warfare on the right.rt billhaslam it s supertuesday after month of a hotly contested primary tn will play an important role. tennesseans be sure to ..it s super tuesday. will newt win will romney solidify his status a front runner. will santorum be any more of a dick ah politics.clinton talk about the georgia works program a a good national model. growco gohomestatert aflcio rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still .. supertuesday and the christian political attitude christian politics bnapier r money is actually romney s rap name.rt lisamaatz rick santorum just pejoratively called iran s leader radical theocrats. hmm. pot meet kettle-wanna-be. p2 fem2i would say that santorum hope to have the gop nomination wrapped up today but i don t think he belief in wrapping it up. supertuesdayrt expcols the columbuszoo wa just named 1 zoo in america once again expcols ohio travel huffingtonpost only when they properly describe a person.rt ingrahamangle santorum on romney and the individual mandate it is not going to be an easy election we can t afford to be giving a ..might go if ohio make the championship rt bradhawley who s going to the mac tournament  thinkprogress she put party agenda over her constituent wow really how about she take that regret speak out against what gop is doing.ron paul interview with cavuto on oil amp the dollar 03 05 12 a 19 yr old dude from virginia just winked at a 22 yr old chick from pennsylvania - new blogger check it out republican santorum romneyrt nbcnews 336 million rhode island woman 81 win powerball alaska sen. lisa murkowski regrets voting for blunt amdt today in earthquake history 1988 7.7m alaska one of the largest quake in the us. via earthscopeinfort nlgnews nlg president-elect azadeh shahshahani speaks on georgia s racist undocumented student ban. rt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread rt nlasmus don t miss gbtv s supertuesday election coverage ..it may be a little different than what you see on the msm ..if you want pandering talking head a your president then romney gingrich santorum are your men supertuesday ronpaul2012rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. ..a northern ohio community is in need of a full time general dermatologist. call penny meyer at 800-519-6518. derm 3 of a kind say no to career politicians we have one more election 2 get this right tcot teaparty tlota 22 yr old chap from alabama just replied to a 30 yr old bird in georgia looks like they re getting along  shrikeback newtgrassroots far from it - i would vote for newt a independent over romney many many agree some are reagandemocrats tcotrt slamomx3 everybody vote supertuesday - time to make a difference th_kc kctoons im sure the klan and santorum still got addrt drudge_report group sue for michelle obama vacation records.. rt lisamaatz rick santorum just pejoratively called iran s leader radical theocrats. hmm. pot meet kettle-wanna-be. p2 fem2you probably shouldn t be allowed to vote if for the third year in a row you went to the wrong precinct. whoops anyone-but-newt georgia rt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director ..rt budparsons algarman niacouncil romney santorum need 2 stuffle their rhetoric abt iran. it is none of their business what ha tr ....its hard to stay drug free when georgia power wont give a nigga light free.. jeezychoose a hotel in newlondon ohio here rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..twitter..did mitt romney write an op-ed advocating pres. obama to adopt federal hcare individual mandate 2009 ..or not what will gsu hoop look like next year  garrettjansen if you think ron paul is racist you read liert drudge_report winner of 336 million lottery jackpot is 81-year-old woman.. the city of riverdale georgia est. pop. 15 00 is accepting application for the position director of.. rt ronaldjackson all immigrants will be banned from public colleges in georgia - ga senate passes bill engines diesel repairing in ward cove engines diesel repairing in ward cove alaska jonhatesmilk as an oklahoma sooners hater i can t stand drafting player i hate but i want bradford to be the greatest of all timert thinkprogress michelle bachmann play the victim the rhetoric is far worse against people who stand up for traditional marriage. .. newtgingrich no you re a moron supertuesday newtgingrich you mean nader obama is so far right of reagan he make reagan look like a commie. dunno what that make you newt.an actually cnbc point about how regulation are flawed concepts. endthefed ronpaulrt stowydad isn t this always the case cranston r.i. ap ri lottery official winner of 336.m powerball jackpot is an 81-year-old ... newtgingrich promising 2.50 gas reminds me of hs class prez election if elected i promise to bring snow cone and pizza to cafeteria rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall oh look. the ex-director of mossad think romney should shut the fuck up about iran rt thinkprogress michelle bachmann play the victim the rhetoric is far worse against people who stand up for traditional marriage. .. keitholbermann plz tell me ur on 2nite i love tyt and gov. granholm but supertuesday wont b right sans ko.ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy via thinkprogressrt ronpaulsvoice no matter how unsuccessful our entanglement become our leader rarely question the wisdom of trying to police the w ..rt ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are. join me in t .. cnn suzannemalveauxcnn would never know from cnn coverage 10 primary today. u r only discussing where romney could lose. biased. sad.ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. rt huffingtonpost watch dog play with toy mouse then battery run out many polling location have changed across oklahoma. to see where you are registered to vote go here enter your.. am alert richard pan roll some sushi newt gingrich count on california the rice commission promotes it pro.. rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of him j_flue what s happenin at west georgia this weekend i might hafto make a road triprt thinkprogress michelle bachmann play the victim the rhetoric is far worse against people who stand up for traditional marriage. ..end is near if ricksantorum send wife defend him on topic he s pushing karen santorum defend rick woman issue cbsnews speakerboehner nice tan. did you get it at sunyourbunscbus rt theatlantic a ted talk is the cultural equivalent of a patent a private claim to a public concept. ideart ezraklein young woman who had access to the pill in the 60 earned 8 percent more at age 50 than those who didn t  bigtimerush will be in ohio the day after my 23rd birthday. just in case anyone want to pitch in for vip ticket a a gift.. pity i won t be able to enjoy it since we are heading to johnson city tennessee to play a matchrt ap ap photos here are the most recent photo of republican presidential candidate mitt romney -cj supertuesdayron paul is a racist. he s said a much. can t abide that. richardmourdock indems happy super tuesday where wa dicklugar this morning rt nytimes next to tribe with alcohol ban a hub of beer  dstv why are u not broadcasting the idatarod on any ch u jus keep re-running a very old race on dishd. alaska alaskasgreatracei don t even consider myself wealthy which is an interesting thing. it can be here today gone tomorrow. - anne romney rt algarman rt niacouncil fmr israeli mossad chief say romney s iran rhetoric undermining us israeli national security ..rt globaltvnews what is supertuesday global news explains what you need to know. dow down on news that mitt romney s super pac will be able to take a break in spending ridiculous amount of money to be clownish opponents.first read msnbc -gingrich will not vote in primary one of the great new feature to this new murfreesboro tennessee timeline is that you can now private message us..  mittromney hey war monger so ha any of your son enlisted in the military yet rt lisamaatz rick santorum just pejoratively called iran s leader radical theocrats. hmm. pot meet kettle-wanna-be. p2 fem2rt wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 ..go vote georgia unless you re voting for a homophobic bigot with lego-man hair who want to colonize the moon. you should stay home. rt collegedemsohio today is primary election day in ohio polls are open today until 7 30 pm and you can find your polling location.. ..rt huffingtonpost pink slime meat in your child s school lunch  gop hopeful blast obama at aipac via postpolitics mitt newt santorum supertuesdayrt thedailybeast newt 2.50 gingrich mocks obama cheatsheeti get gay vibe from santorum.rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall newt gingrich on being a hollow man via youtube newtand his deep belief in god. a must id nd ok tn oh gai uploaded a youtube video electronic depot inc of georgia presents the hdv600 productrt nbcnews 336 million rhode island woman 81 win powerball santorum s sexual obsession video cafe rt nbcnews 336 million rhode island woman 81 win powerball rt huffingtonpost a charming way to dress up cupcake ted nugent settles endorses mitt romney - romney seeks breakout super tuesday - businessweek blog rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. rt newsreally cbs ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy . you know we can be poor in spirit romney said..with net wor ..nope. yall vote for me rt mmzshockto georgia yall voting today gt gt get out and voice your opinion ron paul 2012 caseydband he s your hero cause he s from oklahoma haha just sayinrt emilyabc during speech to aipac romney accuses obama of dawdling on iran sanction what an idiot vote romney in columbus more on rick santorum s delegate debacle in ohio mitt2012 supertuesday  mickeyjohnson07 realdonaldtrump mittromney he say he gonna veto obamacare i do not believe him he soft trump first read msnbc -2012 romney win washington s caucus i hope my brotha from anotha motha romney sweep the poll for super tuesday biased financialtimes romney and santorum locked in dead heat financialtimes rt grammy620 obama is not incompetent.. he know exactly what he s doing. all part of the obama agenda. vote him out inde ohio sav ..rt irenie_m santorum implicitly concedes need for obamacare says his special needs child took up much of his income ..i m doing play-by-play 4 the ohsaa state hockey semifinal a st edward play university school on sportstime ohio saturday 7pm sto ohsaathe picture say it all. rt globemetro at poll in west roxbury hyde park support for romney - rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt grayefftee here s the link business finance group tops sba 504 lending in virginia and maryland sba 504 loan are designed to help small b..  kearrahshia currently searching for a plane ticket to north dakota lmfao. y all are too much. this week trending topic with alaska syffaltweets . snooki is preggo. jesus weeps. rt beard_god man metroadlib from virginia like shit. dc voice romney to aipac israel needs our support not lectures - wall street journal blog  nyssia15 romney2012 talking about the mitt romney supertuesdayrt huffingtonpost 13-year-old iranian girl cover adele s someone like you video business finance group tops sba 504 lending in virginia and maryland fairfax va. march 6 2012 prnewswire -.. romney s green donors he ll do the right thing new unpo_policy post supertuesdayrt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. .. johne_doe meccamilan she ont really wana do shit she from ohiort votaporsantorum puerto rico republican delegates support ricksantorum on supertuesday on march 18th santorum will win the puer ..next to dc sampgetssnooks someon tell me three good thing about virginia. and i don t mean athlete or musicians. rt johnjharwood gop strategist castellanos tell howardkurtz mitt missed chance to demonstrate strength on limbaugh. he left the b ..rt ronpaulsvoice liberty generates the most practical solution to our problem whether they are economic domestic security or national .. brina_06 let s get tat when i get to georgiart foxnews . fxnscitech exclusive unmasking the world s most wanted hacker lulzsec anonymousrt djprivateequity the morning leverage romney the rodney dangerfield of american politics rt floraduh1 gingrich we will have an executive order 2 repeal every act of religious bigotry by obama admin period. withnewt oh tn huffpostpol romney is the biggest fool and loud mouth who cannot shut his mouth. there is only 1 potus at this time. and he romney is not rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of himhelp u end lra violence. visit to find out why and how. mittromney join u for kony2012rt washingtonpost report forget the ipad 3 it s the ipad hd rick santorum show how divided this country is and always will be. the scared and the one exhibiting greater consciousness. r3voltrt tweetmymitt_oh vote romney in columbus more on rick santorum s delegate debacle in ohio mitt2012 supertuesday voting or caucusing today visit to find your state. supertuesdayrt cnnbrk lulzsec hacker arrested source says. rt stephenathome you know that warm tingly feeling you get when your foot fall asleep that s how i feel about mitt.  laurel_sharp possibly if josh is home from georgia by then bowling date wakeboarding en alaska job sharepoint developer in oklahoma city ok jobsuper tuesday mitt romney focus on economy while rival seek opening  plsread they rewriting history graffiti_sheez plsread attorneys in anchorage pentlarge law group barber and sims alaska legal services corporation dennis m mesta.. rt thinkprogress michelle bachmann play the victim the rhetoric is far worse against people who stand up for traditional marriage. .. idbonecollector im setting up my hunt for the fall now for idaho. goats are 1 on my hit list elk deer and bear follow. you making plan hope your having an incredible super tuesday supertuesday five member of romney family declare support for dr. paul three to speak at idaho caucus site no it s not hell. just a tornado in rome georgia. yeesh. - via bsimserrt washingtonpost report forget the ipad 3 it s the ipad hd santorum doesn t show up on the gop primary ballot in virginia haha. supertuesdayrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt aflcio rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still ..no greater conservative voice in this country then newt gingrich -- sean hannity mitt romney isn t flip-flopping he s just scared you ll remember he s mormon rt whinenot newt a re-elected obama would be a disaster.. from the radical judge he would appoint to the radical policy he woul ..it will be a homecoming of sort a former fed hock baseball star tyler thompson come back to athens a a member of west virginia state.rt epa_abuse north dakota wins victory over epa haze rule epaabuse tcotpicking my dad up oklahoma heart hospital big election day today supertuesdayrt huffingtonpost survey americans think americans are the world s worst tourist rt realdonaldtrump my squawkcnbc interview discussing why mittromney is a great nominee gas price and why george will is a loser. .. huffpostpol too late your bad deed ha been recorded for all us empire history.rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of himrobert costa mitt romney doesn t stir passion but perhaps he doesn t need to. maybe not in the primary.rt donnabrazile the current state of the gop primary race say a lot about the republican party. and it s not saying anything nice. be ..rt senatorsanders video sen. sanders on cnbc explaining how the cftc is refusing to regulate excessive oil speculation ..rt fixaaron angus king aide kay rand on if king will caucus w party everything is on the table he ll do what s best to advance mai ..rt lisamaatz rick santorum just pejoratively called iran s leader radical theocrats. hmm. pot meet kettle-wanna-be. p2 fem2so far young adult is pretty much how i feel when i go home to bfe ohio. get wasted get wasted get wasted. repeat.maybe she omitted the word enough end 10thamendment ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy tcot ericcantor what good jobs act with out e-verify could be 11 million job for americansrt washingtonpost report forget the ipad 3 it s the ipad hd  earthquake m 1.9 southern alaska hawaii conservative to stage first ever gop presidential caucus in obama s home state it sound good 4 ronpaul rt huffingtonpost check out these awesome rejected star wars toy photos walker forge parent buy tennessee company w.t. walker group of milwaukee ha acquired a steel forging company.. dear ron paul supporter of libertyu - 99 of these student don t like being yelled at on their way to class ineffectivecampaigningrt msactivist taking a break before lunch with larrysabato of uva publisher of crystal ball - real treat to have him on supertuesd ..back by popular demand onn will feature vote tracker tonight with county-by-county result for battleground ohio rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt gbtv get caught up for tonight s supertuesday special with these highlight from gbtv s 2012 coverage sjrt nytimes lulzsec hacking suspects are arrested rt wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 ..rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. .. neallovesyou spoken like a true georgia fan.rt huffingtonpost 13-year-old iranian girl cover adele s someone like you video rt thinkprogress michelle bachmann play the victim the rhetoric is far worse against people who stand up for traditional marriage. ..i voted. did you supertuesday.rt katharinamorris idaho gop caucus team coverage begin at noon on ktvb. dr. weatherby dr. adler join u throughout the day evenin ..rt drudge_report group sue for michelle obama vacation records.. rt look_bcool brina_06 let s get tat when i get to georgia gbtv stay in and continue to bash romney a do you just for the pure pleasure it brings him.rt huffingtonpost how celebrity measure up on google infographic sr38 new a resolution proclaiming 2012 a the year of cooperatives in oklahoma and encouraging all citizen t.. out. of. touch. ann romney say i don t even consider myself wealthy. rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says.  ronpaul interview with wspd s brian wilson 03-05-2012 via youtubert wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers i m at georgia department of labor 2211 beaver ruin rd norcross pkwy norcross  solidsloth11 do you consider defending our country whack foreign policy come on now ron paul is the only answer . margoandhow pollbuster ann romney should check to understand how she compare to the average american mittbucksin celebration of super tuesday i ve posted some super cartoons to my super cartoon blog have a supertuesday day rt umhoops um hoops report michigan to face west virginia at barclays center umbbcandidate focus tylor slinger for st. paul city council ronpaul tlotshake down all the main city s in ohio n about to kick traxx columbs as thatsloyaltyrt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. santorum at aipac if iran doesn t get rid of nuclear facilities we ll tear them down ourselves via ricksantorumrt bimadew who said it mitt romney or montgomery burns from the simpsons edition. rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall  blustateredvote santorum please. let s the game begin rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. rt ihoperick i hope whenever rick santorum think he s found an empty parking spot there s actually a small car parked.. ..soo ready for spring break in georgia so ready that im hittin zumba with sweet2_dhacore. lolrt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of him kearrahshia currently searching for a plane ticket to north dakota allen west on vp spot i m always ready to serve my country - katie pavlich via townhallcom gingrich west 2012 rt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread rt dancemomchristi yes virginia i will be tweeting live tonight. east coast time. dancemoms johnkingcnn senjohnmccain the report just indicates a worsening situation so sad but so is every conflicta 27 yr old bird from virginia just replied to a 20 yr old dude in north carolina looks like they re getting along ohio tennessee loom super large romney ha the potential to emerge from super tuesday with a delegate lead no .. gop pres. candidate repronpaul talk with kfgomedia s joel heitkamp about super tuesday and his stop in north dakota . daveweigel yes. plus this gold e-mail too often a kind of epistolary spitball there s no way i can read the 3 506 backed up in my queue we must resist the rush toward ever-increasing state control of our society ronpaul supertuesday gopohio tennessee loom super large romney ha the potential to emerge from super tuesday with a delegate lead no .. is this a joke mt oudailyopinion the ou daily editorial board ha endorsed romney in today s gop primary election. michigan announces basketball game against west virginia at new brooklyn arena next season. good venue and great storyline for beilein. billburton716 so bill will you be returning the maher donation or is it ok to call woman twat or c..t etc..  reneemgodinez easy romney. no one like him anyway. then santorum because people actually do like him.rt suntimes something in the water dolphin and beluga pregnant at shedd aquarium rt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director ..rt auriandra dkos ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran about those gas price ..the art of a woman virginia senator yvonne b. miller honored at the attucks theatre rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers it s super tuesday potheads vote for ronpaul today via dailypaulnetanyahu in capitol i go back to israel feeling that we have great friend in washington.one killed in meth lab fire at nursing home rt fredmattrickson newt gingrich still look like susan boylert ronpaulaz ronpaul will end the nation-building that is draining troop morale increasing debt sacrificing life with no end in s ..what s going on in chefornak alaska check out this great new app for news and weather  daveweigel reporters on twitter in nd covering politics bwahahahaha have fun finding one that doesn t just regurgitate press releases.rt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. rt pinnie99 rt floraduh1 gingrich we will have an executive order 2 repeal every act of religious bigotry by obama admin period. .. brackensickai11 nothing will steal my heart more than your georgia performance lt 3 your voice is amazzingrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rt libertarianmike i lean toward a flat tax. but i want to make it real flat like zero. -- congressman ron paul quotert lisamaatz rick santorum just pejoratively called iran s leader radical theocrats. hmm. pot meet kettle-wanna-be. p2 fem2rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price .. theyoungturks you know the trespass law could be exploited to get the westbro church troll arrested at military funerals. fbmadman1 translates to omfg i ll never get elected dog catcher in alaska now wtf have i done legitimacy come from adherence to ethical principal not from politics. - richard maybury ronpaul tcot dems tlotrt thecaucus gingrich promises to move american embassy to jerusalem on day 1  abbygardner i just signed. discontinue rush limbaugh s radio show. signon ronpaul what happened to free speech  washingtonpost this cry out for a crowdsourcing project. drivers bikers pedestrian law enforcement..all could weigh in.rt senatorburr nc middle high school student win up to 1k trip to dc in capitolhistory essay contest on making democracy work ..hrc launches site showcasing mitt romney s constantly changing positions on lgbt issues site tennessee assistant basketball coach kent williams join u now on sports180. listen here  wsj so who will be the one to go after gas station by the airport and off ramp in the highway the all-american rejects announce competition winner oklahoma rocker hand-pick page 44 to open for them in london except you mit romney. you make me sick.happy super tuesday tomlinsontuesday unless you re saying supertuesday cuz you re reffering superman it s basically the same thing..if her name is virginia minus10cowzdont vote full retard today america supertuesdayissues weigh on the mind of voter in ohio - rt milbank it s been too long since we ve had a war. rt prdrj newt is such a credible force the wannabe didn t even make serious bid for georgia.eye on boise senate endorses revised idaho energy plan idlegromney gain momentum going into super tuesday - go vote or don t complain supertuesday rt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off ..  mickeyjohnson07 realdonaldtrump mittromney your fired trump a a conservative go back to blowing with the business wind of ur companyrt karinjr republican voters i guess we ll vote mitt because who else is there no seriously who else is there ..if the people of ohio want u to pay for their tornado they should have to put up video of the tornado online. ricksantorum through wife karen s eyes. fb nomorerinos fireobama gameon wepickrick ricksantorum2012 michigan to play west virginia rt rolandsmartin i don t get the hanger on. music. sports. movies. just don t get it. i can t stand handler flunky entourage .. iht editorial opinionator rick santorum isn t crazy  dailykos the lakota people on pine ridge reserv in s d need someone to tell the story of keystone truck tresspassing on their landrt lisamaatz rick santorum just pejoratively called iran s leader radical theocrats. hmm. pot meet kettle-wanna-be. p2 fem2rt marymauldin oklahoma s own jc watts vote for newt on march 6 video withnewt 250gas newtgingrichrt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. ..just how volatile ha this presidential race been example in december newtgingrich wa polling at 42 now he s at 13 supertuesday realdonaldtrump squawkcnbc mittromney if you think romney is a great nominee you re a loser. worstcampaigneverhappy supertuesdayrt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..national veterans creative arts festival set for massachusetts rt irenie_m santorum implicitly concedes need for obamacare says his special needs child took up much of his income ..rt newtgingrich voting or caucusing today visit to find your state. supertuesdaycongratulations to georgia who won today s election for our new group treasurer  thinkprogress perhaps there is hope after all rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gas thumbperdacat cookiesinheaven skippybkroo or carl or newt.south carolina wyoming vermont rt tndp cool. rt french radio europe1 want to interview a tn voter who speaks french. contact lisepressac supertuesday 2012 3jheawesome weather for supertuesday in central georgia get out and vote gawxmy take on the good start by the tennessee vols go to 1 07 mark -- rt thewritertype supertuesday challenge. if the 4 republican candidate were trapped in a fire and you could save just one of them.. ..rt theoldoakinfo if you had a flat tire and someone stopped to help you out there a good chance that great human wa a ronpaul supp .. marcmaron hey marc when you coming back to ohio hopefully soon chris brown posing with a female fan in virginia rt via chrisbrownzonert freepwolverines um bb to play west virginia in brooklyn in december  stocking yes yess quq in virginia university i hope it s not in the middle of my exam rt davidmdrucker senatorreid on floor imploring 4 gop sprt to overcome highway bill filibuster say won t happen cuz r s taking orde ..rt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off ..  orrinhatch remember beirut support hr4070 . dtcc_ lobbying against victims of iran-sponsored murder terrorism ready for a super tuesday supertuesdaypas the keystone pipe line this is very important to my state.we have oil natural gas coal wind sunshine for solar.oklahoma resourcert ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are. join me in t ..rt r_perry_gal if vesty mittens and paul are so afraid of newt gingrich how will they ever debate obama georg ..rt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off ..  murkowski r- alaska regret supporting the bluntamendment. women voting against woman don t get to claim temp in-san-man-ity wow alvelshi cnn s lack of coverage of ron paul enrages me. santorum and romney are not the only candidate in this racesantorum ha come out strong against single moms. you know what make more single mom prick santorum no birth control and no abortion.it remains all about the black a evidenced in racist comment to an time piece about romney s perception problems. tom if you think mitt romney is electable ..  alancolmes come on alan no matter what romney would say herr david would have some negative spin. staying on edge of kick fight is smart rt nprpolitics remembering new jersey s first black congressman rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..rt az4ronpaul2012 ron paul brings hope to our government ronpaul2012u buying rt look_bcool brina_06 let s get tat when i get to georgiahappy supertuesday -- don t forget to get out and vote rt sightone3 schwarzenegger hot in ohio arnold helping tourism rt tvtango watch tonight hdnet dan rather reports danratherreport supertuesday 2-hour live at 7pm et. about series .. senate_gops more than twice a high a w years. stop obama and the democrat n open up more domestic drilling now bpg showing id to vote on supertuesday cenkuygur chrislhayes keitholbermann ronpaul theyoungturks maddow rt huffingtonpost actress double down on the artist rape comment according to foxnews newt gingrich will recieve secret service protection starting on wednesday.rt senatormenendez today i lost a close friend colleague donald payne. nj the world lost a tireless voice for justice. my thought ..ohio add 4 time more new plant than calif.  thinkprogress she need to look and see how anita bryant made out with this shit.rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. ..if you want dc to tell the teaparty what will be done vote mitt. if you want the teaparty to tell dc vote withnewt 250gasrt eugenemirman only when talking about rick santorum. rt huffingtonpost should word like tranny and faggot ever be used .. supertuesday forget the other state let see who take ohio. last poll wa a dead heat between santorum and romney rt usatoday one killed in meth lab fire at nursing home hilarious rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. last night we got 3 mitt romney robo call within an hour and a half. dude everyone in this house is a registered democrat rt wmbrangham you choose miss work to be w dying grandma or get health care benefits. stories frm ohio pbsneedtoknow..rt ronpaulsvoice liberty allows for the individual to be creative productive or spiritual on one s own term encourages excellence ..rt usatoday one dead after meth lab explodes at ohio nursing home fixing link rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. quotes for worcester massachusetts life insurance rt vrosebrock happy supertuesday all you republicans. may the worst candidate pull ahead.rt ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are. join me in t .. total self-destruction implosion melt down santorum s shouting match with ohio radio host twister tcot newtgingrich really 2.50 you planning on taking over the mid east out of touch fiction selling kook. you think the public dense  farleftofright budparsons your very welcome. great material informative the ppl need 2 know everyting possible abt romney gop rubioa day of oxymoronic statements. go supertuesdayromney is the least evil but that s not a good reason to vote for him. he s just going to give people besides me tax breaks.stupid not in the real world ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy chicago columbus manhatten dallas texas arizona caoklahoma for the summer rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. a 34 yr old dame from ohio just replied to a 49 yr old woman in ohio looks like they re getting along imagine working a gantry crane - bring the kid on down to the children s museum and check out the virginia port.. i m at varsity grill bar 1921 w tennessee st ocala rd tallahassee national veterans creative arts festival set for massachusetts rt billhaslam it s supertuesday after month of a hotly contested primary tn will play an important role. tennesseans be sure to ..rt washingtonpost does the easter bunny have a place in classroom vote for these girl -- gt chardon ohio competition cheerleaders via youtubejust another round of select-an-enemy no rationality or fairness required. war is good for the money and power men. ronpaul gop2012rt rexhuppke ann romney said i don t even consider myself wealthy. she then had a servant put his foot in his mouth on her behalf. barbara_nc friends of ronpaul and therefore for liberty are my friend welcome aboard my tl for ronpaul2012 and drink piss.. rt heavvy mitt romney eats poop for breakfast rt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread are you from tennessee you re the only ten i see rt thinkprogress michelle bachmann play the victim the rhetoric is far worse against people who stand up for traditional marriage. .. twilight200 i m hoping the woman in virginia get it now.. georgia pacific c-fold towel dispenser smoke georgia-pacificbfast with the crew at snow city. alaska i m stumped on this. it s march 6 and there s a pro-newt anti-romney ad on the radio..in florida the primary was last month  gbtv newt will do what newt always doe hunker down and spend more money he doesn 39 t have poor bipolar fella with grandiose ego.rt thinkprogress michelle bachmann play the victim the rhetoric is far worse against people who stand up for traditional marriage. ..praying for old friend georgia please pray for her w me her need is grt god is greater. the next few day r crucial.rt lisamaatz rick santorum just pejoratively called iran s leader radical theocrats. hmm. pot meet kettle-wanna-be. p2 fem2rt fixaaron angus king aide kay rand on if king will caucus w party everything is on the table he ll do what s best to advance mai ..tinie tempah dating bb beauty star georgia salpa grounded online dkos ohio voter remain angry about republican attack on union rt cnnbrk 14 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. rt ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are. join me in t .. dacw10 newt s better than mitt the lame duck -oh benjamin netanyahu talked about the duck aha descriptive summary of some weird ha rt cnnbrk lulzsec hacker arrested source says. rt theonion romney s super tuesday polls surge after he begins flaunting his wealth warforthewhitehouse support unite around romney now or forfeit the white house mittromney and so i notice newtgingrich and ricksantorum have both issued tweet asking people for their vote today but you haven t yet.rt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. rt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. rt coachingsearch video cuonzo martin s awesome 1-minute speech to tennessee fans. all coach can learn from this. ..banner headline rt phillipanderson breaking rt thisbowers romney is going to be the nominee. only question is how long it takes.rt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread romney ricksantorum neck and neck in ohio finance peoplesoft finance software developer analyst at gem georgia currently gem is ..  daveweigel i ve heard great thing about the pastry from teddygoff. high end stuffrt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..rt freefromtheman legalize marijuana road become safer. pot weed ronpaul2012 ronpaul presidentpaulget out and vote georgia..sunday liquor sale a well a gop nominee are on today ballot.laura ingraham we wouldn t be here if it weren t for bill buckley ronald reagan and newt gingrich withnewt jamesklinewv don t forget to vote supertuesday ohio gop i cannot wait to vote ronpaulrt jonhusted as of noon the report i am getting from across ohio the state indicate a modest voter turnout. supertuesdayi m very tempted to vote for ron paul today. but i will refrain.rt thedailybeast rt dailybeasttv jon stewart eviscerates rush limbaugh s attack on contraception. watch i know that santorum belief in an all seeing god..but he must think he s deaf un-super tuesday for gingrich maybe super brokered convention tcot brokeredconvention openconvention jaketapper -since false claim that no woman were on panel ha been repeated unchallenged since debacle began.many polling location have changed across oklahoma. to see where you are registered to vote go here .. david axelrod slams mitt romney s cowardly response to rush limbaugh alternet rt thedemocrats new poll show romney s image is currently worse than recent candidate who went on to win a presidential nomination. ..rt aflcio rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still .. aiwrestling straight outta compton girls night out post have both been made to ohio events site . . . rt ronpaulaz ronpaul will seek out legitimate threat not spy on innocent americans through unconstitutional power grab like patrio .. daveweigel the last time the comic strip nancy wa funny.one of r biggest fan from tennessee just stopped by camexshow  zaydiesel from georgia..live in indianapolismitt on iran foreign policy as conducted by a teenage boy with an energy drink addiction alternet rt aflcio rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still ..more like badbearsqbs mt meredithshiner i once accidentally wrote henry burris instead of roland burris in print illinoisgirlproblemsrt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. rt suntimes something in the water dolphin and beluga pregnant at shedd aquarium rt thinkprogress sen. murkowski r-ak regret voting for blunt bill i have let these woman down  brianpmoore66 not like there s no precedent. georgia frontiere wa all about the st. louis rams in their salad days. nbcnews to air special report at 12 p.m. cst on president obama s news conference slated to begin at 12 15 p.m.rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall romney can still claim belmont a home when it come to voting - rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers  howiewolf as a republican gov. pataki reached out to latino voter in ny - mittromney couldn t be more anti-latino.. nowwithalexrt dailykos ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran i added a video to a youtube playlist ron paul anchorage alaska rally backstage with m pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politicaljunkies. gopyesterday tom junod volunteered for santorum. this is his story. rt esqpolitics 103 calls confessions of a volunteer ron paul brings hope to our government rt speakerboehner tune in house leader hold bipartisan medium availability w israelipm netanyahu  mittromney called putin to congratulate him on cheating his way to power. nice one mitt. does this foreshadow what is to come in usa rt suntimes something in the water dolphin and beluga pregnant at shedd aquarium finance peoplesoft finance software developer analyst at gem georgia currently gem is .. i voted and all i got wa this lousy sticker and a voice in government. supertues supertuesday rockthevot rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  thewetbanditsto no o i m actually not that far from you guys. i m from massachusetts. pdayton ohio fairbanks at brooklyn aves police need witness to fatal crash via addthisrt ronpaulsvoice all form of authoritarianism only exist at the expense of liberty ronpaul supertuesday gop nowwithalex mitt s regent conned newt et al to attack obama instead. newt attacked medium to fight off his own attack all to mitt s gain just voted for the first time in massachusetts. 2nd time ever. voted for barackobama both times. u da man barryi kinda miss georgia to lt --rt fredmattrickson newt gingrich still look like susan boylert vickimckenna slime a thoughtful interview with the lovely ann romney is warped into a caricature of class warfare. shame. ..how about ohio rt mike_day26 atlanta ill be there this weekend clairecmc why don t you try to pas a budget that s what you get paid to do. it s amazing how selfish and stupid you people arert huffpostpol new petition launched against limbaugh s induction to hall of famous missourians gingrich make a stand in his home state romney is very good at deceiving voter spokesman say article politics not only ha newtgingrich not spoken out against rush limbaugh s comment his pac is advertising on rush limbaugh show mitt romney came into this primary the harlem globetrotters and came out the washington generals.rt ronpaulaz don t miss this just because it s supertuesday senator mccain urge air strike on syria ronpaul ..chris brown posing with fan at urban outfitters in virginia yesterday rt via chrisbrownzone time why can t prince charles win the thrown shwetarkndtv foxnews navy to give breathalyzer to sailor marines a they report for duty aboard fleet rss politics rt ezraklein young woman who had access to the pill in the 60 earned 8 percent more at age 50 than those who didn t ron paul supporter vote today.gingrich romney and santorum follower vote wednesday.spread the word tcot supertuesday tlot ronpaulrt speakerboehner tune in house leader hold bipartisan medium availability w israelipm netanyahu  romney on guns control in his own words idcaucus boise nampa blackfoot caldwell id withnewt 250gas jobs tcot rt etxns4freedom hawaii conservative to stage first ever gop presidential caucus in obama s home state it sound good 4 ronpaul ..rt todayspolitics santorum single moms are breeding more criminals politics just heard a radio ad for gingrich touting his intelligence. if he s so smart why are his ad running in washington after the state caucus rt amykremer no other candidate sign to be seen outside of my polling location in ga. supertuesday  sjjphd i bet that s true. mormonism and santorum s thing do we know if he s quiverfull like the duggar s are anti-bc i guess.don t want this repub primary to end..go ricky go newt beat mitt rt thecaucus gingrich promises to move american embassy to jerusalem on day 1 laura ingraham we wouldn t be here if it weren t for bill buckley ronald reagan and newt gingrich withnewtrt newtgingrich voting or caucusing today visit to find your state. supertuesdayrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. 6 romney family members hit campaign trail for ron paul  politicalticker cnn give me a break just ha to blame romney about rush. get this as of the air. neesh_glamgirl it been way too long for me . since i went to ohio for xmas man bill been a real bitchrt heytammybruce ann romney one of the most impressive woman out there is now under attack by the left. verumserum ha the detail ..rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. ..rt ewerickson silencing the right via ewericksonrt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. rt newtgingrich voting or caucusing today visit to find your state. supertuesdayrt giganewt look ppl remembr tht the vote is proportional n some state any vote withnewt mean more clout go w newt ak id nd ..west virginia jobs decision review officer at united states department of veterans affairs huntington wv  realtracymorgan columbus ohio supertuesday big day for gop. who s going to be the big winner election 2012rt elsiesnuffin tough telling them apart. rt katskii this is brilliant who said that mitt romney or mr burns ..now reading santorum s private side through wife s eye via cbsnewsto va voter vote for ron paul if only to mess with romney s results. yes i am being mean super tuesdayrt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt bostondotcom mt globetracyjan michelle obama will headline two dnc event in boston on friday after appearing in concord nh for .. tndp lisepressac 3jhe i don t think gop primary voter would admit to speaking french. goodluckwiththat mitchell_mason1 just a tip you can do whatevr. in newt tweet could u use the suprtues hashtags of key state ak id nd ga ok tn oh vt. tyvmrt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gas tndp thanks for rt rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director ..rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..a list of 11 of romney s richest backer including an idaho falls billionaire the marriotts and a nu skin executive. hoffman we will either elect newtgingrich or we will have the 2nd incarnation of john mccain we all know how that turnd out. teapartyprimary election day. get out and vote ohio buckeyepridert coffeepartyusa rt commoncause over 50 vermont town vote today on challenging citizensunited fittingly on ..romney slam obama s six exaggeration at aipac generally campaign press release are unrelenting twaddle. b.. rt fansince09 so the 66th day of the year is super tuesday. we know who to blame if dr. ron paul doesn t win. illuminatiromney-santorum contest very close in ohio and both candidate have problem ohiostate s paul beck say - rt huffingtonpost should word like tranny and faggot ever be used rt theatlantic surveillance inc how western tech firm are helping arab dictator if this supertuesday then is tomorrow wonderful wednesday ha rt borowitzreport calling a race between these four people supertuesday show a deep misunderstanding of what the word super means.rt lolgop dow down on news that mitt romney s super pac will be able to take a break in spending ridiculous amount of money to be clo ..alaska leads the field with 26 medals at the 2012 awg in whitehorse yukon alaska ha 8 gold medal 11 silver 7 bronze gingrich i ll be a big delegate winner on super tuesday 2012gop primary oh ga tn ok go withnewt 250gas tcotrt washingtonpost in 2010 93 of income gain went to the top 1 our poll say local resident like both gingrich and paul for the georgia gop nomination. agree  iowagoper well mitt is none of those things. however rick may be those thing but he is also completely unelectable.rt usatoday happy 100th birthday oreo. celebrating centennial all year long rt lolgop dow down on news that mitt romney s super pac will be able to take a break in spending ridiculous amount of money to be clo .. dan_camp oh thank god ever since that guy from virginia got collared we ve been in hard time usatoday one killed in meth lab fire at nursing home ..trying to make end meet a nursing home..really.. thats sadwhy haven t leftist bitched about the fact we all vote in a church supertuesdayrt mike_khouryy going to virginia beach to coach jeff farina at nationalmay the best candidate win let s have a good clean election supertuesdayrt srinipenumaka better position on super tuesday for ricksantorum rick santorum gain more follower than mittromney ..i wa looking at a photo essay about the ruin of detroit humorously juxtaposed with a smiling ad for mitt romney. seems bout right.just got done with the first time vote. romneyrt lilbluefeather check out one of my favorite new find in cleveland. a handmade shop featuring artist and crafter in ohio .. newsweek want to earn more than 100 follower per second so between will miss this kasich s fight with ohio republicans spell trouble for gop presidential nominee ohiostate s paul beck say - rt drudge_report ann romney brush back bill clinton.. rt chrisbrownzone chris brown posing with fan at urban outfitters in virginia yesterday rt rt matthardison clear channel discontinue rush limbaugh s radio talk show. signon clearchannel rush romney ..rt susieq68old tpm newt gingrich to get secret service protection why do i have to pay for this it bull trt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. rt ronpaulaz ronpaul head for super tuesday delegate haul in fertile idaho via guardianus-77 southbound from kilpatrick tpk to i-44 i-235- jam factor 1- incidents 0 oklahoma trafficrt ronpaulsvoice our forefather boldly proclaimed to the world that liberty wa their goal that the pursuit of individual freedom wa .. timtebow s manager is ron paul supporter. ronpaul is homeschooling supporter. only right the two should talk.. rt newtgingrich voting or caucusing today visit to find your state. supertuesday markknoller what former vice president always had to have oreo cooky in his room it s funny b c newt isn t voting rt newtgingrich voting or caucusing today visit to find your state. supertuesday georgiafurs it s still christmas on the georgia furs banner d get bite-sized rapid-fire supertuesday update from ap folk reporting from all 10 state rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. rt supermandoo13 big east tournament supertuesdayrt thinkprogress breaking five more company pull ad from rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 20 advertiser overall. ..did pataki just asked how anti-hispanic is romney lmao just a widdle bit. haha rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of him ronpaul interview with laura ingraham march 6 via dailypaulrt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rt pdmteam pumped for pdplus call w newshour political editor cbellantoni - thurs. 1 pm e.t join u fujita tell si he never offered to hurt another player blog sports ohio from blog sports ohio cleveland.. what s the difference between rush limbaugh and newtgingrich rush limbaugh isn t about to lose big to rick santorum. also about 15 lbs.  lilyordnz ive moved to north dakota rt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. karen santorum rick santorum s wife defends husband on women s issues via huffingtonpostcan we at least get gingrich outta here rt huffingtonpost colbert call rush limbaugh a poster boy for contraception why is newt america s best and only hope for a foreign policy leader reagan withnewt tcot teaparty fwoodbridge oh that s easy too many jackass in idaho. convertbond putin win in chechnya bc they love him. west lie you know our great leader stalin wa from georgia russia drudge_report true. you should live in florida and see how they treat u fellow american when they travel retire here. insufferable and rightly so. in ohio 27 batterers were able to use legislation similar to amendment one to have their..  alidominick because it evil like that. if you drive to tennessee or something i ll take you the rest of the way rt huffingtonpost some good bank of america news super tuesday romney is poised to win the night  ewerickson just me this morning at macon statenewt gingrich isn t voting today because his campaign was too disorganized to be on the ballot by michaelbd rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. virginia right must-read from abc green firms get fed cash give execs bonuses fail  nattyland32 tenelove hey_karen alex_brewski_ch i just made myself part of this but yes or yall come to oklahoma vermont and virginia are the first state to be done voting today. they close the poll at 7pm.mitt romney s anti-gun record he hope ohio voter forget via addthisa timeline of gingrich advisor bud mcfarlane s foreign entanglements ows p2rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of himgingrich vow to strengthen fundamentally timid spy agency rt dancemomchristi yes virginia i will be tweeting live tonight. east coast time. dancemomsrt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. ..rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall a man face reality little boy kick the can forward so somebody else pick up the tab ronpaul2012 greenersrock punk rock out of virginia beach - spoiled americans - va - rt huffpostpol aol huffpost s parent company pull ad from rush limbaugh s program is this nowwithalex s oldest panel ever just realized..i only have 2 more month in oklahoma..this ha been my home for 7 years.. timeflieswhy is newt america s best and only hope for a foreign policy leader reagan withnewt tcot teaparty richardtrumka ricksantorum it would be nice if we had a few pro labor r s like the old day to keep d s honest. we need to work on thatrt newtgingrich voting or caucusing today visit to find your state. supertuesdayamerican female should get asylum in southafrica if rick santorum becomes prez he s going to make woman illegal.super tuesday state get out and vote for newt - ga tn ok oh ak id nd mart aljacksoncomedy romney gingrich are running neck and turkey neck in the latest ohio polls. politicalfatjoke iknownothingabtpoliticssuper tuesday showdown romney-santorum big day - 1310news via addthisads on rush in atl newt s superpac statefarm ford staples local woman s shelter hmm.. tcot flukeromney slam obama s six exaggeration at aipac generally campaign press release are unrelenting twaddle. b.. rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of him workingbarbie want to move to ohio i live lt 10 min from an amusement park voted best in the world for the past 15 yr or some shit. hahart rexhuppke ann romney said i don t even consider myself wealthy. she then had a servant put his foot in his mouth on her behalf.rt la_hargis rt patriot_mac newt the right to bear arm is designed to safeguard freedom. nra military veteran tpp teaparty ..it get cold out dere mec rt bmg_shug johne_doe meccamilan she ont really wana do shit she from ohiodo your homework folks mitt2012 i know courage. courage is a friend of mine. help end lra violence. visit to find out why and how. mittromney join u for kony2012i m at house of pies 1869 n vermont ave at franklin ave los angeles david axelrod slams mitt romney s cowardly response to rush limbaugh alternet as it should be o-h rt pcnn our cnnpolitics political desk wearing ohio state shirt poor folk stevebruskcnn cnnjustin marlenacnnrt usatoday study find houston region surpasses nyc a nation s most diverse metro area pundit on msnbc just said romney couldn t be more anti-hispanic if he tried factcheck it would be quite easy actually.rt shanesmith13 alexromano rick santorum all day rt bbaptisthoops excellent pt by tsnmike on tsn 1st-tm aa jared sullinger no one command more attn yet fouled 20 pct less. ..rt washingtonpost how to completely utterly destroy an employee s work life rt pinnie99 rt floraduh1 gingrich we will have an executive order 2 repeal every act of religious bigotry by obama admin period. ..photo random facts billboard advertising is banned in alaska. find your location here mt cnewnews i ll be at wellington middle school in wellington tonight for caucus cocaucusrt theatlantic why netanyahu and obama are still divided over iran via nationaljournalupdate oklahoma city police say suspicious briefcase is safe. rt irenie_m santorum implicitly concedes need for obamacare says his special needs child took up much of his income ..who s looking forward to the gingrich rally in huntsville today nooneiknow cnn alexcast could have been more successful magician than a political analyst.he can turn absurd gop political position into ice creamnewt is the steady statesman romney is just another undisciplined fickle flip-flopping politician who got u into this mess. go withnewtrt time is immaturity becoming a medical condition via timehealthland rt melhi santorum ha come out strong against single moms. you know what make more single mom prick santorum no birth control and ..parnell appoints easter to superior court bench alaska gov. sean parnell say he s promoting anchorage district.. rt usatoday one killed in meth lab fire at nursing home rick santorum said single moms are breeding more criminals ron paul fears overblown but for u to tell israel what to do i don t agree with that rt eugenemirman only when talking about rick santorum. rt huffingtonpost should word like tranny and faggot ever be used ..rt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread wife karen defends rick santorum on woman s issue say he s been surrounded by strong women. via cbs fellow buckeyes don t forget to support the one candidate that your favorite son supports make sure everyone you know votes. vote gingrich rt budparsons farleftofright budparsons your very welcome. great material informative the ppl need 2 know everyting possible abt ..rt daveweigel how long ha it been since richard cohen wrote anything of value i m only 30. i may have missed it. rt nbcnews 336 million rhode island woman 81 win powerball  aaroncarter 3 girls 3 states comin 2 see u vip style acsoldier4life ohio heathers004 virginia alexis_rn pennsylvania rt gbtv get caught up for tonight s supertuesday special with these highlight from gbtv s 2012 coverage sjrt keithrivals my take on the good start by the tennessee vols go to 1 07 mark -- super-tuesday mean super sale santorum romeny half off get 1 ron paul newt gingrich is free hurry sale end at 7 30play mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrcthe ultimate debate obama vs. gingrich - greg hengler via townhallcomrt crunchy_center worth the read - spokanefavs santorum is not the best christianity ha to offer rt marabout40 did pataki just asked how anti-hispanic is romney lmao just a widdle bit. haha please y all even if you support obama go vote for ron paul today just today.. please i wonder if fisherfiles will be doing another rendition of the feed from the dining room table for supertuesday time to set up snack timepolitifact mitt romney say president ignored debt problem in state of the union via politifact pants on fire all of the republican presidential hopeful sound like fucking wrestlers. rick santorum. ron paul. mitt romney. mitt what s a mitt mental. melrosepatch interesting how your unscientific poll point to ron paul winning melrose repubs. not mittromneyanimal cracker politics mitt n match tcot p2 2012gop nevergonnawinitrt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..dingo the dog harry tupper is a fishing legend here in idaho where i live. there s a spot on henry s lake over .. rt treehugger mitt romney lt 3 the keystone xl pipeline romney alivelshi cnn s lack of coverage for ron paul enrages me. there are other candidate in this primary besides santorum and romneywhen you can t actually be poor you can be poor in spirit . good luck with that mittromney newt is the steady statesman romney is just another undisciplined fickle flip-flopping politician who got u into this mess. go withnewtrt washingtonpost these golfer want the right to drink earlier - at 6 30 a.m. rt thehill mccain expecting super tuesday to make romney nomination inevitable mittromney tcot gop12 romneyidaho power proposes new pricing option for customer by jaclyn brandt the idaho public utilities commission is.. rt ib4newt santorum face question on his attitude on women in the work force military veteran tcot ohprimary tnprimaryrt ronpaulcom i uploaded a youtube video ron paul audit the fed before it s too late i don t like newt gingrich..ole newty the only politician i know that can point finger expect not to get them pointed back hypocritert eugenemirman only when talking about rick santorum. rt huffingtonpost should word like tranny and faggot ever be used ..rt ali withnewt rt amykremer going to vote now in ga. supertuesday senatordurbin demand supreme court televise it proceeding rt huffingtonpost how celebrity measure up on google infographic rt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt ronpaulvirginia today is the day to vote ronpaul polls close at 7pm. tweet your vote ronpaul virginia va vagop vaprimary supertuesday common wit it thankfulforanawesomejobthat s how i sing that commercial too rt odiolasgalletas wv gt va - at least west virginia ha the charles town racist and sluts.ok. one more time  thanks again peta for making dog mushing so strong - alaska dispatchann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy via huffingtonpost the big divide continues..1.9 earthquake southern alaska. mar 6 17 22 at gmt depth 4.20 km rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. ..rt eholtzclaw clinton talk about the georgia works program a a good national model. growco gohomestateusa election song ronpaul you re the best man for the job via dailypaulrt lolgop mitt romney came into this primary the harlem globetrotters and came out the washington generals.rt newtgingrich voting or caucusing today visit to find your state. supertuesdayrt politico santorum say that a president he d tell iran we ll tear down your nuclear facility if you won t happy supertuesdaynewt speaks santorum copies. one s a leader and the other just follows. america deserves a leader. go withnewt.rt occupywallstnyc q if elected what will you do about rising college cost a nothing. honesty m5 m1 oc ..gingrich praying for bible belt revival rt alanfisher santorum single moms are breeding more criminals via motherjonesgoing to watch my own private idaho estella tabicas r u ready rt keithrivals my take on the good start by the tennessee vols go to 1 07 mark -- rt businessinsider newt gingrich isn t voting today because his campaign was too disorganized to be on the ballot by michaelbd .. camaroshepherd arkadustus xd they re actually stuck in alaska.. muchcloser wereincanadaanyways we can visit timberlupine rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of himrt gerardmulligan1 study men cheating on their wife have higher chance of heart attack during sex. newt s life insurance premium t ..we will be at the ace tradeshow in atlanta at the georgia world congress center from march 8-10. come by if you are in the area rt theatlantic why netanyahu and obama are still divided over iran via nationaljournal clairecmc i don t agree with a good portion of rush s show however he ha revolutionized talk radio. he is in fact a famous missourianrt newtgingrich voting or caucusing today visit to find your state. supertuesdaysantorum a democrat s dream candidate rt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread rt txstudents4newt newt is the steady statesman romney is just another undisciplined fickle flip-flopping politician who got u into ..another day of voting begin happy super tuesday mittromney will inevitably will the nominationrt cnnpolitics join wolfblitzercnn and cnnpolitics team supertuesday noon for first-ever cnn election roundtable video chat. ..rt financialtimes romney and santorum locked in dead heat financialtimesrt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread vic chesnutt super tuesday nowplaying on spotify supertuesdayrt clevelanddotcom funeral today for demetrius hewlin ohio school shooting victim rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of him bjring25 only b c bernanke say so. i implore you watch that vid. it may help. if not no worries. best of luck to you and yours. ronpaulsuch a beautiful day in virginia. sitting on a hill taking in the day. peacefuland how far down he drive his own poll rt thisbowers romney is going to be the nominee. only question is how long it takevoting in georgia checking out ron paul anchorage dena ina civic convention center march 4t on project nsearch polls a lonely place in virginia s capital rt speakerboehner tune in house leader hold bipartisan medium availability w israelipm netanyahu peace 2 the homie ronpaul.. i see u playa.. demonstrating the effectiveness of limited gov in creating wealth would be the greatest gift we could send overseas ronpaul supertuesday. lolgop ann romney should check to understand how she compare to the average american mittbucks super tuesday stakes ohio the south and clarity in the gop race - national journalrt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. .. shaycarl charlestrippy your smile reminds me of the happy guy in your happiness is a choice painting back in idaho yay for positivity can t wait to get out of ohio on friday wayoverdue stdeal rt washingtonpost report forget the ipad 3 it s the ipad hd rt ronpaulaz ronpaul will end the nation-building that is draining troop morale increasing debt sacrificing life with no end in s ..rick santorum voted to subsidize abortion planned parenthood zzsantorum notsantorum abortion prochoice teapartyclass today no professor bagel and cream cheese marker board and virginia woolf.. collegert thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt social_madi today is a huge day for all gop candidate yet mittromney ronpaul haven t tweeted to voter since yesterday. inte ..rt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off ..  maymay_maryk rushlimbaugh ya know- we re screwed if limbaugh or gingrich make office.. but then again we are probably screwed anyway. blashpemy how dare this friend have his birthday party on the supertuesday it s supertuesday. that mean we get the day off right  todayspolitics really ricksantorum me think your pointed finger tell your truth not everyone else s pot calling kettle black usdorthis is a very important day for newt it could very well be a make or break for him.- go newt .oklahoma considered the reddest of the red define power it s not strictly about me because i m not looking for any power at all. rep. ron paul r-tx d.. attn. ng students we proudly support santorum for president. his frothy surge from behind ha been unprecedented supertuesdaymitt on iran foreign policy as conducted by a teenage boy with an energy drink addiction alternet rt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread super tuesday gingrich say rival won t bring fundamental change newt gingrich launched his day of super tu.. opwallstreet rt opwallstreet candidates don t have a clue about ohio voter rt cutiepi2u newt gingrich on being a hollow man via youtube newtand his deep belief in god. a must id n ..is the bank required to hold both the mortgage and the note to properly foreclose in massachusetts play mitt n match watch mitt change position on lgbt equality more often than his clothes. mittnmatch via hrcsomeone should let rick santorum know that urban meyer doesn t rock th sweater vest..that wa the last guy. supertuesdayrt ezraklein young woman who had access to the pill in the 60 earned 8 percent more at age 50 than those who didn t rt ariannahuff acc. to cnn iran already ha nukes. at least the medium ha learned it lesson from iraq right ..rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. rt sunvalleyfilmfe nice coverage from the idaho statesman idahostatesman -- thanks  andrewenglish oh and romney would have to give away all his money and stop being a mormonrt ap_video santorum us needs to do more than talk on iran rt lisamaatz rick santorum just pejoratively called iran s leader radical theocrats. hmm. pot meet kettle-wanna-be. p2 fem2rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..newt speaks santorum copies. one s a leader and the other just follows. america deserves a leader. go withnewt.rt tpm newt gingrich to get secret service protection health care reform remains lightning rod for romney ohio senate bill offers male lawmakers a taste of their own medicine via tpmi really don t want to leave west virginia but damn i miss my family.  energy secretary chu admits administration ok with high gas prices -- newt fire him -- rt minutemom 4 all their bluster americans generally like slick politician who tell them what they want 2hear. hence romney s 2012 ..romney santorum take final shot before super tuesday showdown rt newtgingrich voting or caucusing today visit to find your state. supertuesdayrt algarman rt niacouncil fmr israeli mossad chief say romney s iran rhetoric undermining us israeli national security ..the awesome 8th supertuesday limerick twofer awesome 8av govote newtgingrich santorum us needs to do more than talk about iran santorum targets obama dempsey in aipac speech just voted go mitt go  teamfollowback ohio school rampage victim mourned chardon ohio reuters - mourners huddled in blanket and h.. rt clarkwriter it s supertuesday what a perfect day to learn how not to run for president. dirtypolitics buyabookvermont town meeting day sunny and cold we vote off in our own worldrt kattykaybbc romney cld well close deal today but if economy continues to pick up his rationale for running weakens - he ll need to ..rt pouryazandi feels good personally waking up with just a many ring a every pro team in oklahoma has.rt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off ..  ricksantorum ohio is the most super this tuesday rt time photos sled dog vs. 1049 miles. it s the iditarod rt drudge_report group sue for michelle obama vacation records..  ronpaul akron ron paul brings hope to our government - yahoo - by courtney kunze every time i have heard someone c.. santorum discovers the limits of nostalgia rosie gray smartly point out that rick santorum s ca.. wtp2010 tcotron paul interview with laura ingraham - march 6 11 30 a.m. est rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he .. juansarmiento except for ron paul..rt blogbat newt is the steady statesman romney is just another undisciplined fickle flip-flopping politician who got u into this me ..can i just be in georgia with julianneok already please rt btwnunemploymnt massive ronpaul rt - everyone please 1 click view tweet then 2 retweet the following boxed tweet ..it s super tuesday and i hope that the american people wake up. santorum is a bigot romney is a cheat and newt.. is newt. ronpaul2012rt mlttr0mney happy super tuesday. don t forget to visit my website pick which country pres. romney should invade first 1 iran 2 ..ron paul 12i m a georgia voter rt freepwolverines rt umichbball michigan will play west virginia on december 15 2012 at the soon-to-be-opened barclays center in n ..win it bennett rt cfblive what to watch for during oklahoma sooners spring practice writes boomersoonerrt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..tennessee volunteers official site gt gt m. track. all-freshman trio for vols newt show the gop the stuff you are made out of i know you are the better man for the job than romney. get out the speaker. newtgingrich ricksantorum voter voices virginia voters have but 2 choices rt infowarsstories six romney family members hit campaign trail for ron paul steve watson mitt just doesn t understand the con.. ..rt huffingtonpost radiohead reveals another new song rt mashable which candidates are getting the supertuesday social buzz infographic - rva ricksantorum voter voices romney most likely to beat obama  ricksantorum gop hopefuls panetta pledge israeli allegiance  chucktodd you know pataki is lying out of his ass. just sit there and allow him to go on and on. you re not representing journalism well.rt curtdudley it s gameday jmu baseball entertains virginia at 4 p.m. about 2300 watched the last time cavs were in town in 10. ..is the virginia house trying to stifle hb 1160 ronpaul tlotis newt gingrich still running for president haven t heard about him in awhile.. ricksantorum santorum us needs to do more than talk about iran  cnnbrk rick santorum illegally profited from iran contra stewwebb santorum super tuesdayrt statecollegecom psu s college of medicine see a big grant. also santorum a rooster and rachelpolansky on a remarkable athle ..play mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrcstart saving on franklin massachusetts life insurance rt specialreport supertuesday voters in 10 state head to the poll today.. bretbaier and megynkelly will bring you result all ev ..rick santorum regret jfk speech remark - read more on this subject politics republican campaignsnews story source.. want 2 ticket to friday s game versus west virginia like for a trivia question that start at 11 a.m. gobeavs newtgingrich voter voices romney most likely to beat obama rt huffingtonpost radiohead reveals another new song rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot guardian news super tuesday mitt romney and rick santorum fight to the wire live voters go to the poll as..  damnn_nita tennessee..wbu santorum romney favor keeping progressive income tax up to 30 . newt favor a 15 flat tax - all men are created equal . withnewtrt lolgop mitt romney came into this primary the harlem globetrotters and came out the washington generals.rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he .. rushads via kykn - lifelock newt gingrich gagle s heating air conditioning plumbing mcdonalds avva cigars stoprushrt vahousegop vahouse honor virginia national guard today with center aisle presentation and hj 396 rt judsonphillips projections show newt getting more delegate today than santorum. santorum should drop out in favor of newt teapa .. newtgingrich gop hopefuls panetta pledge israeli allegiance  dscc taiping2 up to 24-26 plus 2 radio stations..ian somerhalder reveals his most romantic date kisses manikin take away atlanta georgia and the public is lef.. santorum romney favor keeping progressive income tax up to 30 . newt favor a 15 flat tax - all men are created equal . withnewtrt chelwentz i can t even tell you how long i ve been waiting for a falconry groupon to hit northern virginiacompulsion by govt on citizen is not personal responsibility governor romney speaker gingrich .. it s statism tcot teaparty gop failgingrich vow to strengthen fundamentally timid spy agency the new old age blog now tables for almost everyone - a retirement community in virginia revers a controversia.. rt huffingtonpost watch dog play with toy mouse then battery run out  ericfehrn headline politics poll shows romney big winner on super tuesday ohgop tngop gagop idgop akgop magoprt genemcvay give a man a fish feed him for a day. give him a welfare check rent subsidy a free cell phone food stamp he ll vo ..rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of himrt billhaslam it s supertuesday after month of a hotly contested primary tn will play an important role. tennesseans be sure to .. teddyspace supertuesday lets see if any of these republicants become republicans. release the hounds. rickandronandmittandnewt notsofab4mine manager posted 06 mar 2012 apply deadline 04 jun 2012 location north of juneau alaska usa job description no more gop story time starting today it s a delegate-grab number game where math trump momentum supertuesdayann romney say i don t even consider myself wealthy when romney s worth is high a 250 million.when ordinary person net worth is 100rt stonerjesus420 six romney family members hit campaign trail for ron paul - ronpaul2012who would jesus vote for larrytaunton weighs in on supertuesday via ericcnnbelief  chuckhersey sevey77 what statement i wa curious about all these alleged ron paul lie you mentioned i m unaware of any.sorry but rick santorum sound like a bad sci-fi villain name. maybe he d be more effective a one.if you live in tennessee and love me any you ll vote for ron paul today.all this ron paul support is making me physically ill. supertuesdayrt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot rt washingtonpost navy plan to place breathalyzer on all it ship and sub  newtgingrich voter voices virginia voters have but 2 choices rt rasmussenpoll 65 now expect romney to be the republican nominee..  cnn birth control hot campaign issue. i m confused. what year is it supertuesdayrt dscc 275 00 signature 25 00 likes 3 600 tweets 20 advertiser and counting rush misogynyrt time will super tuesday hold any surprise for romney rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall the hot deal continue at crest foods of oklahoma virginia safety end hunger strike after 8 day via addthis gardenerdirect thanks for following it s a beautiful day in georgia romney santorum square off in super tuesday battle - columbus ohio reuters - mitt romney could take a big step t.. i just wanna be in georgia ready attackwatch2 i guess we will have to go on faith.. because neither newt nor rick have snow ball chance in hell i like paul for domstic  gopblackchick newt and paul toasttennessee camp 2011  gun news tennessee gov. haslam criticizes gun-right s group calling top gop leader a .. - chattanooga times fr..  tpm it is a total waste of time protecting newti gingi aka newt gingrich. he will amount to nothing. an empty babble mouth philanderer.rt newsok update oklahoma city police say suspicious briefcase is safe.  senate_gops grow a pair n start domestic drilling voters staying home in river city east end anti-romney protest vote yet to materialize rt sarahburris mitt romney s wife doesn t really consider herself wealthy - yes.. this wa your outside voice outoftouch .. ronpaul ronpaul ronpaul ronpaul ronpaul ronpaul ronpaul ronpaul trend the r3volution rt ronpaul ronpaul ronpaul ronpaulrt melhi santorum ha come out strong against single moms. you know what make more single mom prick santorum no birth control and ..santorum discovers the limits of nostalgia rt businessinsider newt gingrich isn t voting today because his campaign was too disorganized to be on the ballot by michaelbd ..rt dcscene all four location of dailygrill have all-night happy hour for supertuesday 4 p.m.-closing. food drink special 4 ch ..rt monsoon_classic aiwrestling straight outta compton girls night out post have both been made to ohio events site . . . ..hrc site look at romney s flip-flop on lgbt issue . asherhuey ann romney should check to understand how she compare to the average american mittbuckshamptonroadsfor.me classic rocker reo speedwagon styx and ted nugent to play virginia beach may 19  borowitzreport maddow panic hit santorum camp a busy aide forget to pack witch repellant during hectic super tuesday schedule.rt nbcnews 336 million rhode island woman 81 win powerball  realdonaldtrump mittromney shoot me nowrt theatlantic why netanyahu and obama are still divided over iran via nationaljournalalaska musher aliy zirkle leading iditarod i m at miami seaquarium 4400 rickenbacker causeway rickenbacker causeway on virginia key miami rt usatoday one killed in meth lab fire at nursing home hamptonroadsfor.me two virginia tech victim family file wrongful death lawsuit - whnt rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rt lolgop please note america need secret service protection from rick santorum not the other way around.my vote is cast newtgingrich goodluck tonight rt kathleenmadigan ann romney say she doesn t consider herself wealthy. if i wa romney spokesperson i d stab myself in the eye w ..rt cbsnews fbi offer 1 million for info on former agent who vanished in iran five year ago santorum discovers the limits of nostalgia rt acsoldier4life aaroncarter 3 girls 3 states comin 2 see u vip style acsoldier4life ohio heathers004 virginia alexis_rn pennsylv ..rick santorum is far too right.. newt gingrich is mentally unstable.. mitt romney is the definition of flip-flopper.. ron paul old a fuckrt donnabrazile i know your party is anti-choice but you don t have to apply that to not even giving your primary voter a decent cho ..voter voices virginia voters have but 2 choices  rolandsmartin test gop should be warned that teaparty americans are in no mood to back down. we are right. withnewt newt2012tn supertuesday 250gas walkerbragman ronpaul2012ftw i ll read it tonight an give you some feedback. i like getting info from all angles. later on. gl2u ronpauli hope the romney and paul supporter get into an all out brawl in front of the vines.rt norml massachusetts bill to regulate and tax marijuana is scheduled for a hearing on today at 1pm normlrt bostondotcom mt allietexx juts voted mass dem ballot is red gop ballot is blue or is that just in my town are they trying ..athens hs grad kyle dean and now bobcat catcher paced ohio over the weekend 4 game going 6 12 at the dish adding 7 rbis.that s what s up si you be good rt bkirkwood94 thatsmalone ok tennessee state has honestly taken my breath away rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..romney up 16 in gallup national poll - can santorum prevent a tipping point rt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread rt tpm colbert rush will do anything with his mouth for cash rt ofa_sc 30 376 young adult in south carolina have gained health coverage through their parent plan thanks to the aca. ..re theromneys only the hypocritically wealthy claim money mean little. easy to say when you have plenty of it. lizzwinstead mittromneyalaska native news-news for the people of the last frontier - oceans acidifying faster today than in  nowwithalex i m using my 2nd jack the beanstalk wish and wishing santorum beat romney in oh which will make the circus more interesting.i can vote for the first time today supertuesdayrt blogbat laura ingraham we wouldn t be here if it weren t for bill buckley ronald reagan and newt gingrich .. rightminority that s the best you had huh will you rush santorum and newt all cry together tonight on a conference call tonight rt wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 ..rt drudge_report group sue for michelle obama vacation records.. somali sex-slave ring face trial in tennessee don t think it doesn t happen near you. childtraffickingrt time even if you hated it you should care that fox canceled terra nova. here s why via timeculture ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran stick to comment on tree height mitt. kashnorangejuse is that position in ohio rt eugenemirman only when talking about rick santorum. rt huffingtonpost should word like tranny and faggot ever be used ..rt ronpaulcom i uploaded a youtube video ron paul audit the fed before it s too late rt bi_politics newt gingrich isn t voting today because his campaign was too disorganized to be on the ballot by michaelbd ..rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rt wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 .. ricksantorum teamsantorum rick santorum illegally profited from iran contra stewwebb santorum super tuesdayrt ericcarvin get bite-sized rapid-fire supertuesday update from ap folk reporting from all 10 state rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..ron paul brings hope to our government - yahoo news via addthisrt lisamaatz rick santorum just pejoratively called iran s leader radical theocrats. hmm. pot meet kettle-wanna-be. p2 fem2rt senatorburr nc middle high school student win up to 1k trip to dc in capitolhistory essay contest on making democracy work ..rt huffingtonpost some good bank of america news  thefix what former vice president always had to have oreo cooky in his room don t miss tonight s trout unlimited meeting a silver creek s scooter gardiner highlight idaho s seven species.. super_tuesday jaketapper all male panel lie is what began this entire republican war on woman narrative that ha distracted from religious liberty issue super_tuesday cain gingrich gas plan the new 9-9-9 super_tuesday sick beard started download boardwalk empire s02e10 georgia peaches super_tuesday secret meth lab sparked fatal fire at ohio nursing home via addthis super_tuesday flying in georgia south carolina and florida on this beautiful tuesday what about you super_tuesday ann romney is talking awkwardly about money now too super_tuesday ron paul is the only candidate that ha even proposed ending foreign aid despite the obvious benefit of doing so. vote ronpaul2012 super_tuesday why do i even have to take these stupid sols i more than likely wont even be graduating from any high school in virginia sostupid super_tuesday jailynnleo ya she s awesome..her video for georgia peach is so hot super_tuesday newt s time is now america s time has come. let s restore our greatness morninginamerica withnewt tcot teaparty super_tuesday the best thing about having only romney and santorum on the gop primary ballot in va no political ads. super_tuesday newt s time is now america s time has come. let s restore our greatness morninginamerica withnewt tcot teaparty super_tuesday rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot super_tuesday thinkprogress well it s no doubt true that she doesn t think a lot about her family s money. rich people don t often have to. cc thefix super_tuesday rt abc romney accuses obama of dawdling with iran sanction supertuesday super_tuesday rt barackobama by romney s own standard his tax plan is a failure for middle-class family super_tuesday rt drudge_report navy to place breath-test machine on all it ships.. super_tuesday romney seeks breakout super tuesday in youngstown romney said that if he got sufficient support from people in.. super_tuesday rt aflcio rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still .. super_tuesday thinkprogress so michele bachman doesn t mind if people call her daughter those word super_tuesday usatoday meth lab at nursing home gtfo. super_tuesday rt btwnunemploymnt let it not be said that no one cared or objected that our liberty are in jeopardy ronpaul 1. .. super_tuesday just saw on cnn fire in an ohio nursing home cause by a secret meth lab..hmm.. super_tuesday you d think superman could have come up with a blog post for supertuesday but for once i got nothin . super_tuesday yahoo. gingrich make a stand in his home state newt should read ending on custer s last stand super_tuesday rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers super_tuesday a flemish republican businessman in oh hatred of obama won t be enough to unite republicans . supertuesdayrt yugiohtas sorry but rick santorum sound like a bad sci-fi villain name. maybe he d be more effective a one.plus newt gingrich is like a fat version of bush to me.. imgoodrt yugiohtas sorry but rick santorum sound like a bad sci-fi villain name. maybe he d be more effective a one.rt txstudents4newt santorum romney favor keeping progressive income tax up to 30 . newt favor a 15 flat tax - all men are created ..sanctions sow misery among the poorest and most vulnerable segment of society. dictators do not go hungry when they are imposed ronpaulgingrich doesn t believe homosexual couple should be able to adopt children. fuckeduptoday a beautiful woman wa born my aunt godmom virginia m. borden..i love u and miss u r.i.p  drudge_report laura s a public figure.. fluke not so much.the promise of research teleconference start in just a few hours. if you registered don t forget to join research  realdonaldtrump mittromney not the right choice bring on herman caingamble or sure bet the gop s latest choice steady romney or risky gingrich - the washington post notnewt teapartyhow gingrich saved reagan revolution newt is the only reagan conservative in 2012. withnewt tcot teapartysantorum alleges romney 2009 individual mandate op-ed wa removed from archive rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot i heard a rick santorum add this morning on the radio in california. not the most targeted use of your limited budget rick.oklahoma tax attorney rod polston is taking a personal approach to solving irs problems romney and santorum envision a caste system for america georgia don t go emilymckeever live on  watrpond stephennreed deejgregory newtanman i just like newt. hes very intelligentrt ads60nyc tennessee is a sweet gorgeous 1-y o male silver tabby at manhattan acc found abandoned with his mate her kittens. http ..shoutout to my yr friends voting supertuesday regardless who you support you need to exercise your right to be heard youngrepublicansvotert philipaklein newt just dropped 6 fundamentally s within 90 second then threw in a frankly too.rt jonkay odd that newt other free-market us conservative are the 1 who want to force gas to specific soviet-style price of 2.50 gala hint for ann romney. people who do not consider themselves wealthy are usually the one who worry about the price for a loaf of bread.super tuesday this is a big day liberty is popular and on my way to punch my ticket for ron paul. grass root movementrt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. gingrich west 2012 leading the way 4 the u. s.a rt ofa_sc 30 376 young adult in south carolina have gained health coverage through their parent plan thanks to the aca. ..rt ads60nyc tennessee is a sweet gorgeous 1-y o male silver tabby at manhattan acc found abandoned with his mate her kittens. http ..play mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrc newtgingrich i voted for you of course lol ..where mitt romney and rick santorum are level-pegging. pegging rt thehill senatordurbin demand supreme court televise it proceeding .. this i call a snob .. romney s advice on tuition shop around via insidehighered highered santorum 2012rick santorum ha three 3 endorsement from lawmakers. 3. mitt romney ha eighty 80 .rt billhaslam it s supertuesday after month of a hotly contested primary tn will play an important role. tennesseans be sure to ..awesome s-l wilderness trip offered by universityofidaho. wish i could ve done this in college lcservicecorps rt usatoday one killed in meth lab fire at nursing home  glenmontgomery wow. 21k. oklahoma is cheap but not that cheap.rt tpm newt gingrich running on bitterness and 2.50 gas how gingrich saved reagan revolution newt is the only reagan conservative in 2012. withnewt tcot teapartyme and my grandma wa talking about coming to georgia to see me and that we were going to go to alabama to the casino supertuesday is here and santorum got my vote. not sure if he can beat barry but the social issue are most important to me. godhelpusrt ariannahuff shorter krugman it s the austerity stupid my take who would jesus vote for latauntoncnn mikeycom sorry the answer we were looking for wa ron paul .i m at zorba s mediterranean cuisine 6014 n may ave oklahoma city rt bigfootbest bigfoot failed to make the ballot for super tuesday in va. i be in good company with santorum gingrinch and mickey m ..follow blakeyblogs for all thing super tuesday tonight. it sound like everyone s money is on romney to do well save for vermont american 21768 tap and die set red 25-piece deals vermont american 21768 tap and die set re.. oklahoma wind is something serious..rt pangea_fusion super tuesday gingrich say rival won t bring fundamental change new event red flag warning all of middle tennessee unti 6pm. fire danger due to wind and low humidity. outdoor burning not advised. tnwx supertuesday its a shame none of the candidate are super or even mediocre .rt huffingtonpost actress double down on the artist rape comment rt tim_maysports inside word is urban meyer constantly challenging ohio state receiver corp to step up that 2011 stats unacceptable. ..starting to think the gov t obama is pushing the envelope on liberty justice to cause a backlash. then start marshall law. ronpaul gop2012dit verzin je niet rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history rt melhi santorum ha come out strong against single moms. you know what make more single mom prick santorum no birth control and ..santorum doesn t like single mom doesn t like abortion doesn t like birth control. only solution is mandatory chastity belt for all.fuck supertuesday it toocoldtuesday whysoserious all dayrt postpolitics cain gingrich gas plan the new 9-9-9 rt stephenathome you know that warm tingly feeling you get when your foot fall asleep that s how i feel about mitt.ohio to retest teachers in struggling schools teachingclinton we should nationalize georgia progam that us govn t fund to subsidize company in retraining folkany lafayette folk following all the supertuesday happening read more via theadvertiser i m in oh just voted for you rt newtgingrich voting or caucusing today visit to find your state. supertuesday bi_politics where is newt s legal home where would he vote curiousityrt jordanfabian more like badbearsqbs mt meredithshiner i once accidentally wrote henry burris instead of roland burris in print ..rt ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are. join me in t ..how ron paul s mcgovernite strategy can win on super tuesday and beyond telegraph blogs memphis tennessee weather 65f a few clouds 65f a few clouds weather memphisrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. super tuesday likely to expand romney lead rt aflcio rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still ..rt live2bgreen labrigiite 3 to be inducted a georgia women of achievement ceremony thursday in macon the ceremony to be he.. htt ..everyone vote for ronpaul. he s smart and sexy greaat.. lol rt nbcnews 336 million rhode island woman 81 win powerball  cmccaff542 lilmsunshne mittromney cspanvl fantastic just showed to my mom before she head to her bible study thanks for all of you not-romney folk don t waste your vote. vote for the man with a plan and the one w solutions. newtgingrich supertuesdaynewt ha grandiose ideal for a grandiose country  ricksantorum the rest of the world is laughing at you. too bad it s all so sad. cjc32boss jeffeisenberg if jae crowder tweeted video of himself dancing to country roads tonight internet in west virginia might break rt underland super tuesday. i think ok gop voter will go for santorum although they consider him to be a tad too liberal.just a sure a 2 2 4 controversial judgements by courts are in fact radically unconstitutional withnewtrt okpolicy number of the day 98 00 oklahoma child lived in high poverty neighborhood in 2010 up 104 from 200... mlcalderone ann romney should check to understand how she compare to the average american mittbucksrt financialtimes romney and santorum locked in dead heat financialtimesrt blogbat newt s time is now america s time has come. let s restore our greatness morninginamerica withnewt .. climate progress green donors bet romney is faking his new climate change views and will flip flop back to bei..  wsjgraphics wsj that explains why romney appears to be in the lead why romney s wife doesn t consider herself wealthy with 250 million.two week ago me and damon visit oklahoma city ok. it wa envy and despair..any supertuesday question for wolfblitzercnn team join the cnnelections roundtable powered by cisco at noon et joelle ragland gop voter here say she supported wenstrup and romney. enthused about 1st choice romney not so much ohelrt hump_god fuck virginia.rt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread will there be a clear cut clown after today supertuesday kylebgulledge thats the route we are taking to cameron baptist church in west virginia for the revival.rt yugiohtas sorry but rick santorum sound like a bad sci-fi villain name. maybe he d be more effective a one. jaketapper a turkish coffee gift basket would have been the more appropriate welcomemitt romney is a scion of one of the fourteen or so family that run the mormon cult. great reason to reject him if you re withnewt in virginiaprimary vote against mittens obamney. ronpaul can t win and we need to slow mr rmoney superteusday tcotrt petersgoodman iran crisis efraim halevy ex-mossad director says romney op-ed making the situation worse a 28 yr old bird from nigeria just replied to a 32 yr old guy in tennessee looks like they re getting along  mr_dain if he leaf he can play in alaska for all i care.play mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrcrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt cynicsis . margoandhow pollbuster ann romney should check to understand how she compare to the average amer ..rt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. what we have is mom raising child in single-parent household simply breeding more criminals. santorum 1994 rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of him dagny_galt such a shame they have no conception of even how to answer a question about wealth . romney s cannot relate to it . mittromney wow you repubs haven t had a scandal free election yet.congrads mr putin romneytn-2012 primary 34 santorum 29 romney 27 gingrich 8 paul pp 3 3-4 via huffingtonpostrt spiritvoyage a beautiful article on kirtan kriya for mothers and children from new blogger karena virginia who brings a.. ..oregon west virginia massachusetts santorum sticks to a bare-bones style rt alvedaking pray for prolife outcome in the 10 state holding presidential primary today supertuesdayrt tigerfists88 romney led bain capital 2 close american factory cause hundred of layoffs..he pocketed huge fees. ..laura ingraham we wouldn t be here if it weren t for bill buckley ronald reagan and newt gingrich rt thedailybeast rt dailybeasttv jon stewart eviscerates rush limbaugh s attack on contraception. watch rt esqpolitics guest feature by tom junod 103 calls confessions of a rick santorum volunteer longreadsdems for santorum taking it kinda hard daverosenbergtn perhaps but i predict overall turnout will be down in this year s tennessee republican primary compared to 2008. nnomad_ cnn msnbc support santorum march 10th - club flame in cincinnati ohio rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. ..i hadn t seen any rick santorum sign until i got to akron last night. what the hell is going on around here fun fact of the day north dakota is the only state that ha never had an earthquakeohio is santorum s challenge for super tuesday rt huffingtonpost colbert call rush limbaugh a poster boy for contraception rt gbtv get caught up for tonight s supertuesday special with these highlight from gbtv s 2012 coverage sjrt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. romney promise military option to stop iran nuke .. rt faithfullysasha just realized..i only have 2 more month in oklahoma..this ha been my home for 7 years.. timeflies time it all about face rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..i hope that the gop will grow a spine take their hand out of the cookie jar realize the country want conservative withnewt teapartyrt theatlantic a ted talk is the cultural equivalent of a patent a private claim to a public concept. ideart margoandhow rt pollbuster ann romney not only am i not wealthy my husband is unemployed. good ann. now we know neither of yo ..rt theatlanticpol will mitt break out on supertuesday he lead may soon be insurmountable but voter remain wary writes mollyesque .. no tornado in oklahoma city today but ashleymadison give you another way to get blown away wow you seeing this thetweetofgod realized after i landed my story made drudge rt drudge_report gingrich will not vote in primary.. decision2012rt newtgingrich don t miss my interview tonight on the hannityshow tonight at 9pm et. 250gas timetochoose withnewtca withnewtrt dscc after firing 1st shots in gopculturewar georgeallenva runs for the hills vasenrt ap ap photos here are the most recent photo of republican presidential candidate mitt romney -cj supertuesdayrt thehill opinion obama s flashing red light to netanyahu on iran by anne penketh iran israel aipacrt huffingtonpost colbert call rush limbaugh a poster boy for contraception brimming with excitement to see which mediocre hypocrite will do best on supertuesday joyjoyjoyi voted supertuesdaypandas drinking milk video rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. .. supertuesday one of the worst governor in us history a failed senator vs. america s most successful house speaker. go withnewti want to bet mitt 10 00 that ann romney s vibrator go through a lot of batterythe top 10 things you should know about virginia s demographic changes and immigration politics supertuedaysounds like wall street finally heard about the gop field. supertuesday breakingnews dow fall more than 200 point in mid-day trading.if you think mitt romney is electable via rsmccainvote ohio. many fought for our democracy your right to vote.rt melhi santorum ha come out strong against single moms. you know what make more single mom prick santorum no birth control and ..rt judsonphillips projections show newt getting more delegate today than santorum. santorum should drop out in favor of newt teapa ..in case hearing from tony perkins barbara bush a former mo gov wasn t enuf came home from voting to portman romney robocall ohprimarynow that snookie is pregnant somebody ha to ask if rick santorum is still against contraception. newtgingrich you got my vote mr. gingrichrt wsj unfriending is increasing on facebook. fb friendship break-ups leapt from 56 in 2009 to 63 in 2011.  plashingvole and virginia woolf well they write themselves really don t they literarypr0nrt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..vice president hillary clinton hiiary obama romney santorum ronpaul rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..rt washingtonpost these golfer want the right to drink earlier - at 6 30 a.m.  theatlantic a cool summer breeze the sultry sounds of ginger patterson in another day in time fall in love rt peterkingcbs this is on every table at the newtgingrich call center in cobb county ga.  supertuesday smoking doesn t kill..i kill rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. .. supertuesday one of the worst governor in us history a failed senator vs. america s most successful house speaker. go withnewt cclineii haha newt gingrich is rich but not mitt romney rich. rt daudig what we have is mom raising child in single-parent household simply breeding more criminals. santorum 1994 ..rt mjdub 10 pictures of riot police at a peaceful women s rights protest in virginia it s really windy in kansas today probably because nebraska blow and oklahoma suckrt politicalticker issues weigh on the mind of voter in ohio - bond denied for driver in va. beach bus-stop crash virginia beach a circuit court judge this morning denied a bond.. rt drudge_report group sue for michelle obama vacation records.. everyone is keeping an eye on ohio during supertuesday. what should you watch for in the buckeye state real time usa earthquake detail magnitude 1.9 southern alaska rt wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 ..so mad that i left my car cleaning stuff in virginia. not that i mind shopping for more but just agitating that i have to go to the store. ron paul s message liberty and r3volution republican conservative mitt romney rick santorum 19rt poetsorg poetry out loud competition. spotlight west virginia congrats to bruce mccuskey dayja legg all ..rick santorum single mother are breeding more criminal im just a girl who cant say no im in a terrible fix oklahoma speakerboehner your feed died about three second after the pm started to speak.georgia voter head to the poll for super tuesday voters are making their pick across georgia on.. atlanta gaassociated press to use google maps for supertuesday results news medium journalismrt newtgingrich voting or caucusing today visit to find your state. supertuesdayi m all for newt s book tour but not with my tax dollars. rt tpm newt gingrich to get secret service protection  tn_loadmaster newt is a master of deception. he could sell the brooklyn bridge.bravo 2 gingrich 4 his criticism aipac we need an administration w the courage to use the word radical islam  criminalrecords new white rabbits ha me excited for sunday s show giving the themagfields a listen currently. supertuesdayrt amanbatheja texas tie to gop candidate santorum s daughter paul s son newt s nemesis romney s headache phoenix suns v oklahoma city thunder live stream march 07 2012  processnews national veterans creative arts festival set for massachusetts more than 300 vetera.. bioportfoliort lisayoungfc praying for old friend georgia please pray for her w me her need is grt god is greater. the next few day r crucial.rt samisharpp everyone go vote ron paul today ronpaul ronpaul ronpaulrt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. rt yugiohtas sorry but rick santorum sound like a bad sci-fi villain name. maybe he d be more effective a one. the pres retreat from the world disguised a new strategy is he an isolationist ronpaul is a non-interventionistohio gov. kasich refuses federal aid after twister devastation alternet  ron paul s message liberty and r3volution republican conservative mitt romney rick santorum 19of course mitt and his pac get everybody else drunk before the dance spending gob of money to get them so drunk they ll stay with him.i voted for santorum central georgia real estate firm trusts infinity network solutions with .. macon ga real estate firm relies o..  ron paul s message liberty and r3volution republican conservative mitt romney rick santorum 19oh horsemen fight breeding fund money grab ohio horseman are lobbying the state senate to alter language in hou.. supertuesday spend all night totting up delegate fig s scrutinise every comment from all possible angle or have a beer watch shameless yo_favdreadhead atlanta georgia.. and i got yourt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers  persinger go non-mitt romney you can t drive a car with a windmill on it the dog-on-car candidate could ve used a better example rebleberrt tgnoble newt2012hq check out newtgingrich s new op-ed cnbc outlining his plan to balancebudget read th ..just got a robocall that wa obviously a one-take wonder with two false starts. c mon mitt you can afford better p phonelinecxlrt alexnbcnews realized after i landed my story made drudge rt drudge_report gingrich will not vote in primary.. ..love virginia read the long year ron paul name-drops tim tebow in campaign speech about home-schooling oh how could i forget to say happy supertuesday to all the political junkywill today mark the beginning of the end for the gopprimary catch me on the dylanratigan show msnbc 4pm et to discus supertuesday.town meeting day today is one of the two weirdest holiday in vermont. the other bennington battle day in august ilovermontthe onion - video poll gingrich best candidate to preside over america s hedonistic decline rt dorsey_joseph i m voting for ronpaul todayrt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechrt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. ..rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price .. ronpaul at fargo caucus. march 6 5 30-8 30pm ramada plaza inn suites 1635 42nd street south fargo nd. georgia residents remember to vote today march 6. for your polling location click here votingiscoolsecurity clearance sofware engineer ii real-time flight simulator - ball aerospace technologi.. ohio job goblue basketball u-m west virginia to meet at barclays center in new york in 2012-13 michigan and west vir.. happy supertuesday batman. or in your case none of the above mt newtgingrich voting or caucusing today rt cutiepi2u rt newtgingrich don t miss my interview tonight on the hannityshow tonight at 9pm et. 250gas timetochoose withnewtc .. andrewenglish well it show romney tends to believe thing without hard evidence and trust his feeling more than reality. cmccaff542 lilmsunshne mittromney cspanvl try this mittromney aipac2012 ohprimary tnprimary evangelicalsediting job sr editor technical at general dynamics information technology virginia beac.. editor editingjobs roderickford nurseploof brettzwo voterschoice andymlansing change your profile picture to ron paul if you support himirony is booking caribbean vacation while it is cold and raining outside and booking alaska cruise when the.. rt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread  financialtimes is that in ohio our 2011 southern region community celebration is tonight at the radisson manchester_nh unionleaderclick here to get notified whenever tyt sports release a new youtube clipmust-read link for your lunch break via timenewsfeed tell tn gov. billhaslam help end mountaintop removal mining in tennessee via credomobile chamberofcommerce super tuesday gingrich say rival won t bring fundamental change compare romney santorum gingrich paul s latest get-out-the-vote twitter plea  _geebaby i m in flowery branch i leave for oklahoma state in junert dononntv as it should be o-h rt pcnn our cnnpolitics political desk wearing ohio state shirt poor folk stevebruskcnn cnnju ..the left hit romney over lying about individual mandate why is it supertuesday because it s networkingviatwitter day. writer artist creativepeople unitelandlord bulldozed tenants out of home a landlord in idaho ha pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor offe.. realestatert nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread virginia law halts motorcycle checkpoints in a victory for motorcyclist virginia is the latest state to bar m.. super tuesday gingrich say rival won t bring fundamental change californiart washingtonpost how to completely utterly destroy an employee s work life rt pc1170 just voted for rick santorum.get norfolk massachusetts life insurance new campaign to reduce risks of car accidents in massachusetts metropolitan highway system tunnels there is a .. what about romney s offshore tax havens - hana-code-insert name turbotax according to emerging news report .. rt huffingtonpost pandas drinking milk video  romney hunt for more donor a primary fight continues campaign money superpacsfor dawn the biggest reason she ll be supporting barackobama is simple he bet on ohio workers. obama2012rt occupywallstnyc q if elected what will you do about rising college cost a nothing. honesty m5 m1 oc ..rt jonhusted as of noon the report i am getting from across ohio the state indicate a modest voter turnout. supertuesday thinkprogress oh people who are anti-gay have been beaten up fired imprisoned and murdered bachmann s a delusional b hrt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director ..rt washingtonpost does the easter bunny have a place in classroom go vote people supertuesdayron paul 2012. all romney and santorum are doing is proving what a class act obama is. they don t stand a chance against him. they r both phycotic nutu have to be inbred to vote for a guy who s parent named him newt. supertuesdayrt tim_maysports inside word is urban meyer constantly challenging ohio state receiver corp to step up that 2011 stats unacceptable. .. newtgingrich begs chicago judge to drop the lawsuit brought against him by survivor for his unauthorized use cont rt jennercuz gingrich west 2012 leading the way 4 the u. s.a who said it mitt romney or mr. burns from the simpsons supertuesdayrt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says.  rescueme . pit bulls for adoption in virginia . purpleheartpitbulls powerful letter to the editor in the the oshkosh northwestern alaska mining project lesson for wisconsin santorum birth control t-shirt put two aspirin between your knee and pray osu 2012 depth chart defensive line photo by matthew emmons-us presswire ohio state s defensive line in.. sblog ariannahuff that s.. pretty much romney s answer to everything. notice the long pause. dmvscottboy new song stop calling my phone ohio moco dmv mocobillboard mmprt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt ofa_oh for dawn the biggest reason she ll be supporting barackobama is simple he bet on ohio workers. obama2012 ajohio on split ohio supreme court decision. court oks large-scale wind farm in ohio the columbus dispatch ohio super tuesday voter drops mitt romney for ron paul  donnabrazile doesn t think supertuesday will end the gop race. what do you think  oklahoma university leader promote diversity without affirmativeaction meanwhile in massachusetts it s the republican primary and you would . . . never know.i just hope santorum win so mom will be quiet about it. borowitzreport maddow gingrich gain in south by promising 2.50 gas and balanced budget from planned lead-to-gold moon factories.the all-american rejects announce competition winner - oklahoma rocker hand-pick page 44 to open for them in londo.. new web ad liberal democrats for santorum santorum romney ohio tennessee politics 2012 gingrichgreat arnold wkend thx 4 the fun ohio but now.. i m going going back back 2 cali cali jjremixfinna go to rome georgiart trscoop the left hit romney over lying about individual mandate  postpolitics cain gingrich gas plan the new 9-9-9 yes bc his 99 plan worked so well speakerboehner israelipm please don t spend your entire time practicing the mcconnell agenda. it make the rep look like such foolrt lolgop mitt romney i won t light my hair on fire to be elected. but iran s hair..rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. ..republican nomination supertuesday today. bit pathetic when a day of the week is spoken of with more enthusiasm then the candidates.rt fixaaron angus king aide kay rand on if king will caucus w party everything is on the table he ll do what s best to advance mai .. l.a.times call gwinnett fast-growing reporting from gwinnettchamber on gingrich s campaign trail supertuesday  jimmyearlward oorah. newt said last nite 4 year of failed bho admin and the medium is focused on r. limbaugh..seriously romney santorum gingrich blast obama at aipac - washington post rt mershoncenter romney-santorum contest very close in ohio and both candidate have problem ohiostate s paul beck say - ..rt newsok update oklahoma city police say suspicious briefcase is safe. rt cnnsitroom starting now cnn supertuesday election roundtable live powered by ciscosystems webex. watch at live streaming phoenix suns oklahoma city thunder tv watch march 07 2012 uconn gunna beat depaul uconn gunna lose to wv then west virginia gunna upset syracuse my predictionrt thinkprogress breaking five more company pull ad from rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 20 advertiser overall. .. foxnews here s student campaigning outside liberty university in lynchburg virginia rt rockwithbeck dacw10 - newtgingrich life in - virgina - pay no tax in -- georgia -- doe not support our local - economy - he ..we re close to our goal of 18 00 follower by supertuesday. follow u today and you could win a free dig. subscription and tnr ipad app it s super tuesday in tennessee make sure to get out and vote oh yea supertuesday today the showdown mitt money bag romney the incidental champion v rick mi cont 3 great lady died this day who changed how we look at our world pearl s. buck ayn rand georgia o keeffe. look em up rt fixaaron angus king aide kay rand on if king will caucus w party everything is on the table he ll do what s best to advance mai ..head for the poll - super tuesday is here and democrats from oklahoma to massachusetts are getting out the vote a.. taking time for some btvlunch btvmayor kurtwright2012 stopping in on a supertuesday vote mittromney supertuesday then you are sure to let obama sleepwalk to his second term vote4newt a real leader with real answer santorum s frat boy honest to god he taught me how to chug a beer.. he wa amazing. he could chug a beer in like one gulp. lol wtfobama the dogfood-for-granny president. newt will be the 250gas prosperity president. withnewt find out more at winning our future spent 15 101 on radio advertising supporting newt gingrich on 03 05 2012 in ms  pinnie99 thanks for the retweet. and i m sure newtgingrich thanks you too. lolrt nbcnews 336 million rhode island woman 81 win powerball obama the dogfood-for-granny president. newt will be the 250gas prosperity president. withnewt find out more at  l.a.times call gwinnett fast-growing reporting from gwinnettchamber on gingrich s campaign trail supertuesday rt mattsmith223 beautiful day in columbus ohiort wsj steve jobs s widow the palm pilot inventor and other tech titan are funding effort to help undocumented student ..let it be known..mr. ed drink mountain dew. polldiscovery supertuesdaynews you can use from nami massachusetts constantcontact gop group wants sc candidates to sign purity pledge against porn extramarital affairs head for the poll - super tuesday is here and democrats from oklahoma to massachusetts are getting out the vote a.. rt blogbat laura ingraham we wouldn t be here if it weren t for bill buckley ronald reagan and newt gingrich ..good news for traveler overhead bin on us flight are getting bigger the two biggest sin of the state - legal plunder legal murder voting for anyone but ron paul is a vote for.. rt politicalticker issues weigh on the mind of voter in ohio -  benhaguecomedy hahaha 5 dolla tuesday thats the real supertuesday iaintmadatchapray for newt rt giganewt look ppl remembr tht the vote is proportional n some state any vote cont .. rt guardianus compare romney santorum gingrich paul s latest get-out-the-vote twitter plea saturday march 10 get a passport see the world. no appointment necessary. - passportday vermontrt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..rt rasmussenpoll 65 now expect romney to be the republican nominee.. rt drudge_report super chooseday rt washingtonpost these golfer want the right to drink earlier - at 6 30 a.m. to all my ga family vote today for newt. abo anybodybutobamayou guy want to watch me campaign door-to-door for obama give santorum the gop nomination. what in the world you guys.oh websites aid student in comparing college ohio highered collegescorecard mmedesevigne he just asked howard wolfson to qualify just how anti-hispanic romney is. haha change your profile picture to ron paul if you support him show the world who is winning via networking. if there were a contraceptive pill for men it would come with a government coupon for viagra. santorum gop rushgreat moments in the romney campaign music teacher - anticipated vacancy in randolph massachusetts teaching job educationjobsfinally somebody besides me talking about impact of obama v. romney on brown v. warren dankennedy_nuexcellent article will super tuesday reveal the true number of ronpaul supporter via dailypaulrt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..tune in to hearsaywhrv now i m talking virginia politics.rt ap_video santorum us needs to do more than talk on iran wish oklahoma had a semi-open primary so i could vote today independentprobsrt melhi santorum ha come out strong against single moms. you know what make more single mom prick santorum no birth control and ..obscure joke santorum s wife reveals rick like to cook pasta arrabiata . no surprise he doesn t refer by other name fra diavola . fbrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. alaska musher aliy zirkle leading iditarod rt ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are. join me in t ..for newt gingrich it s super fat tuesday. wsj gwendolynbounds oil changes brakes lights alternators heater core fan belt etc. feels invigorating and rewardingthe 6th floor blog linsanity design winner rt alexnbcnews realized after i landed my story made drudge rt drudge_report gingrich will not vote in primary.. ..ron paul lady damnitrt theatlanticwire russian election rigger lack subtlety chechnya ha 107 turnout 99 support for putin rt thehill sen. lisamurkowski given another chance i d vote against blunt amendment limiting contraception lets vote ohio and tennessee you can do it rt thefix happy 100th birthday oreo. it s hard for me to express how much i love you. central battle-ground ohio tennesseewhile every gop candidate ha pledged to repeal health reform it s helping louisianans every day. rt ohiogop heading to the poll on supertuesday don t forget the ohiogop s list of endorsed gop candidate rt anitakumar01 tune in to hearsaywhrv now i m talking virginia politics.rt yugiohtas sorry but rick santorum sound like a bad sci-fi villain name. maybe he d be more effective a one.mitt romney s bain capital own s half of rush limbaugh s butt  barberton ohio temp 38.4 f wind 6 mph dir sse baro falling precip 0.00in hum 61 uv 3.6 12 30 03 06 10 weatherrt saynototyranny ron paul speech at washington caucus poll shows i do the best against obama  tweetweekusa i d rather have santorum first. he s more dangerous. peterson__scott romney no surprise..but am listening 2 kahl had me comparison 2 neocon iraq..so far interesting tndp lisepressac 3jhe for the record terryquillen speaks french.pentagon develops robot that can run 18 mph.. i freely admit to being snobby about smoking walmart reality tv ohio state. fbrt txstudents4newt how gingrich saved reagan revolution newt is the only reagan conservative in 2012. withnewt ..our president currently make 400 00. a year to play golf ron paul ha vowed to make 39 336. what the average american makes.beat that rt mattispolitics joshualyman just realized my state of ohio ha an open primary. going to go do my civic duty a a democrat and vote ..new job vacancy supplier quality engineer at rolls-royce in ohio us ohio job vacancyrt dshesgreen joelle ragland gop voter here say she supported wenstrup and romney. enthused about 1st choice romney not so much oheli wasnt a bad at bennett a i wa in virginiart wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers play mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrcrt jonhusted as of noon the report i am getting from across ohio the state indicate a modest voter turnout. supertuesdayhappy super tuesday everyone hope you find the place in your state to vote for mitt romney the only executive on the ballot mitt2012all you people taking your time getting to the poll because you still haven t made up your mind visit america if you vote for a grown man named either mitt or newt then i m sorry we re going to have to intervene.can t wait to get out of ohio. i m moving to cali. anyone wanna come with lolrt usatoday happy 100th birthday oreo. celebrating centennial all year long national veterans creative arts festival set for massachusetts rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt nychoops bcimmino1 - uconn offered mount vernon s isaiah cousins today following yesterday s offer from oklahoma so. carolina a ..i never read virginia correctly the first time. always shock me.rt huffingtonpost billmaher here s your new rule for craigslist video rt melhi santorum ha come out strong against single moms. you know what make more single mom prick santorum no birth control and ..rt captain_amarito virginia s ndaa nullifying bill passed by state senate - the new american christila newtgingrich enjoy today because it s the last day for any hope at all for you. winning georgia doesnt make you a president marybethphotoss make sure you vote ron paul rt anitakumar01 tune in to hearsaywhrv now i m talking virginia politics.5 ways to control garden pests the friday fives east tennessee on the web rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. ..rt washingtonpost report forget the ipad 3 it s the ipad hd taegangoddard santorum discovers the limits of nostalgia  heelsfan9 true and z outplayed scott in the two game against virginiasuper tuesday.. let s go mitt mr. and mrs. romney just stop talking  judsonphillips santorum staying in for romney. we will see the deal that wa made.. michelebachmann talk supertuesday and limbaugh with carolcnn. listen i wanna see more salmon in alaska.. not this bull whateverr.. nuegyptsprince well imm in ohio so yhu coo .oklahoma considered the reddest of the red super tuesday santorum hold big lead in oklahoma. what kind of woman supports rick santorum via moveonrt newtgingrich voting or caucusing today visit to find your state. supertuesdayrt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. rt yugiohtas sorry but rick santorum sound like a bad sci-fi villain name. maybe he d be more effective a one.i am looking forward to being on the geraldorivera radio show today at 1 35 pm supertuesday gagoprt usatoday one killed in meth lab fire at nursing home  ricksantorum i urge you to support me a the one true conservative in this race. thank you. santorum s frat boy honest to god he taught me how to chug a beer.. he wa amazing. he could chug a beer in like one gulp. lol wtf thathoustonkid lol might get it locked still debating but i m none getting cut up in north dakota hell nahrt dougheye more nc history mt robgodfrey congressional club s tom ellis follows gov. jim hunt in 1985 c-span appearance ..hey georgia we ll give you a real nfl franchise wearethemoonusa supertuesdayrt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of himrt wsj it s super tuesday and some 437 delegate are at stake. see our live streaming coverage all day  jobs tibco bw developer at brook technologies cincinnati oh cincinnati ohiort nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread  medicaljobs clinical nurse specialist ma-fitchburg licensed by the massachusetts board of registration in nur..  ricksantorum i have put together a plan to shrink this government gameon  huffingtonpost those are the cutest freakin panda ever. lt 3living in ohio i ve become a fan of global warming. it is really nice outside here today. ronpaul fears overblown but for u to tell israel what to do i don t agree with that - via addthiscan t wait until tomorrow morning for style me pretty georgia ashley and darren king s wedding will be featured.. rt yugiohtas sorry but rick santorum sound like a bad sci-fi villain name. maybe he d be more effective a one.senator robportman urge support for romney and another big shutout for joyce garver keller lobbyist extraordinaire  chucktodd wow..is pataki living in some fantasy land..henceforth to be called the spin master of nonsense..rt jenniferjeffrey you are my hero. rt procopster new post a very special recipe for super tuesday the santorum cake. ..polls a lonely place in virginia s capital with romney a shoo-in and big name missing from ballot would-be su.. rt cmccaff542 andreamsaul cue at 6 58 mittromney remarks at aipac conference - c-span video library mitt2012one day sale on abstract triptychs like this. use coupon code supertuesday etsy abstract triptych sale via etsyrt wayne_oliver live in ga tn ok oh ak id nd or ma want 250gas lower tax and balanced budget. then vote4 newtgingrich. w ..rt rolandsmartin update the u.s. flag at the white house ha been lowered half mast to recognize the death of new jersey rep. donald ..we compete in the ncaa championships this friday in nampa idaho rt abuzilif santorum alleges romney 2009 individual mandate op-ed wa removed from archive my daddy in ohio i can get my phone rite now liesatcapitolof the 4.. i fuck wit ron paul medicaljobs clinical nurse specialist ma-fitchburg licensed by the massachusetts board of registration in nur.. we have to give voter a choice in the general election we need a bold conservative not a waffling moderate. teaparty withnewtrt hugenetwork_en huge network politics super tuesday mitt romney focus on economy while rivals.. washi ..we would like to get some more like at our facebook page so look and like u so we can like you in-return like rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rt deon_fashion shake down all the main city s in ohio n about to kick traxx columbs as thatsloyaltyrt nytimes critic s notebook kindle singles genre between magazine articles and books happy founder s day virginia state university 130 years respect historyi m at starbucks 1662 massachusetts ave shepard st cambridge . governorcorbett and gop legislative leader continue to help pa family by working to lower energy cost pagophehe ricksantorum in the pocket of big labor polls a lonely place in virginia s capital with romney a shoo-in and big name missing from ballot would-be su.. american electric power owns oh who owns your state s members of congress supertuesday ohprimary gop tcot kehuff624 you vote for my main man ricksantorum michigan west virginia to face off in brooklyn plz flw dailybrian republican race arrives in bellwether state ohio ok so it get worse. i ve now got newt gingrich s super pac following me and a lady who s bio say she love threesomes. coincidence i m happy to report vermont ha upgraded voting technology. instead of pencil to mark paper ballot they gave u felt-tip marker today.rt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. polls a lonely place in virginia s capital rt libbyrabbetts at 5.35pm on bbcradiokent radiodominic will be chatting to reporter philiprucker of the washington post live in oh ..oklahoma considered the reddest of the red rt kellyo in georgia for super tuesday..sample ballot..southern hospitality at polling place too. santorum discovers the limits of nostalgia i have a tour at university of ohio bitchgame time for mbb vs. west georgia in ncaa tournament south regional is set for noon cst or 1 p.m. eastern time in huntsville ala.great read repulsive progressive hypocrisy via violasong ronpaul2012 endthewars criticalthinkingsantorum discovers the limits of nostalgia rt catholiclisa ricksantorum i urge you to support me a the one true conservative in this race. thank you.  ochefehomem west virginia is leaving next year..the rest aren t. i hate wvu and they are bitching about jae which make me laugh.mitt missed a chance to rail against rush margaret carlson - bloomberg palin teaparty patriotlemonade newtgingrich he doe like saving the country. chicago tribune a really reliable source for conservative info newt2012rt _ganjaswoosh ron paul 2012 clapsjob high school spanish teacher atlanta georgia diversity teachingjobs educationjobs privateschoolnational veterans creative arts festival set for massachusetts  restonpatch is anything on the ballot besides romney vs. paul  20.9 million last year really now ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy via thinkprogressrt daudig what we have is mom raising child in single-parent household simply breeding more criminals. santorum 1994 ..haha what rt thewhigs happy superman tuesday supertuesday batmansonofsuparman  markcollett1 realdonaldtrump mittromney after all he did say he wasnt worried the poor he wont beat obama if he couldnt beat mccainrt trscoop the left hit romney over lying about individual mandate well jon stewart and stephen colbert are going to have a field day on ann romney s comment tonight..good morning. supertuesday in full effect. please vote wisely.rt msnbc rhode island woman 81 win powerball 336 million the ballot in tn s 4th congressional district davidafrench mittromney via addthisrt blogbat laura ingraham we wouldn t be here if it weren t for bill buckley ronald reagan and newt gingrich ..john f. kennedy religion and rick santorum piercing the liberal veil unearthing the truth . teaparty.. rt realcrob who s looking forward to the gingrich rally in huntsville today nooneiknowjob high school spanish teacher atlanta georgia diversity teachingjobs educationjobs privateschoolrt washingtonpost where will ron paul s supporter go for the general election fb gop rightmi migopenergy debate gingrich responds to obama 250gas withnewt newtgingrich supertuesday gaprimary tnprimary tn gart pc1170 just voted for rick santorum.ohio poll show mitt romney gaining rick santorum volatile  davidwburns bummer perhaps you should move to massachusetts. it s the place to be in 2012 die hard red state republican conservative it the bible belt that doesn t like hearing santorum say protestants are evil tcotrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall play mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrchad a fantastic frackingplay interview this morning with lynn helms director of the north dakota department of.. let her go and georgia stay emilymckeever live on rt thinkprogress michelle bachmann play the victim the rhetoric is far worse against people who stand up for traditional marriage. ..you know your in western oklahoma when people ride their horse to the grocery store and park it on the sidewalk. smh job high school spanish teacher atlanta georgia diversity teachingjobs educationjobs privateschoolsuper tuesday mitt romney focus on economy while rival seek opening rt daveweigel i m totally getting out of this panera after i finish uploading this last thing. shitcampaignreporterssayromney and santorum are running almost equally well versus obama the super tuesday edition of rasmussen s poll.. must get some work completed..will bbl..pray..believe..tweet..vote newt withnewt 250gas okprimary okgopoklahoma considered the reddest of the red super tuesday santorum hold big lead in oklahoma.  chucktodd clone you i always thought you were triplet keep it up ofa_la while every gop candidate ha pledged to repeal health reform it s helping louisianans every day. rt hrc mitt n match romney s jarring inconsistencies on lgbt equality i dont see too many 64 yr old wearing faded jean anywhere. romney wear them on the stump while running for potus. schmuck supertuesdayohio is a must win for santorumlook ppl remembr tht the vote is proportional n some state any vote withnewt mean more clout go w newt ak id nd ok ga oh tn vtregulating speech is a dangerous notion and not compatible with the principle of a free society ronpaul supertuesday goprt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. polls a lonely place in virginia s capital with romney a shoo-in and big name missing from ballot would-be su.. importance of georgia s primary on super tuesday rt dscc 275 00 signature 25 00 likes 3 600 tweets 20 advertiser and counting rush misogynyrt aflcio rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still ..ohio voter remain angry about republican attack on union rt ontopmag at rick santorum rally protesters yell get your hate out of my state rick gay p2 glbtohio poll show mitt romney gaining rick santorum volatile rt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. rt washingtonpost good news for traveler overhead bin on us flight are getting bigger  kesgardner we plan on going to ohio early fall to visit family and knock on door  aflcio richardtrumka ricksantorum look closer-- he s right there behind jimmy hoffa s remains.rt trscoop the left hit romney over lying about individual mandate rt time must-read link for your lunch break via timenewsfeed rt washingtonpost good news for traveler overhead bin on us flight are getting bigger rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rt myfeldman dems for santorum taking it kinda hard nanilabradoor azucenalonso baroneti carlabulgariarb manucatman de supertuesday besosrt markfollman dear woman voter did you know santorum once said that single mom simply breed more criminal anybody tryna vote for ron paul just to stick it to mittromney ha proven that he will say and do anything to get the nomination. he s the person who try to be down so bad that people ignore himrt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. ..rt shortwave8669 if you want dc to tell the teaparty what will be done vote mitt. if you want the teaparty to tell dc vote withnewt ..rt hopevalleydairy hello to all our lovely new follower peakbreaks truenorthbooks hoegrange elementchiro milkqualitypays it s a .. prettybeer massachusetts to alnwick we are 60km north of newcastle ..do u have a uk importer rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. .. collegebballnow michigan west virginia to face off in brooklyn colonel macgregor ret on the north dakota airwave today for vets 4 ronpaul 2012 rpforumslunch wit my girl lt 33 taylor_harbu allizeeybryanna georgia sky and tiara what s all the fuss about supertuesday we break it down for you.  vcthree emilylhauser romney the robot say sex is for procreation of the human specie beep beep help u end lra violence. visit to find out why and how. mittromney join u for kony2012rt ronpaulnews a biblical case for ron paul on 4 issue important to christians. article by michael eversden. ..listenin to old alabama driving through tennessee mindymaucelli lets go ron paul - hey tgilfeth rush team rushtwoifbytea gr8tly appreciate all your support. plz stay tuned 4twitter exclusive supertuesday promo codein super tuesday s shadow ohio s poorest struggle to rise youngstown ohio -- exit the madison avenue expressw.. rt daudig what we have is mom raising child in single-parent household simply breeding more criminals. santorum 1994 ..i am shocked that ron paul didn t speak at aipac.. motherjones exclusive santorum in 94 - single moms are breeding more criminals  gbtv your an idiot you all are alinsky we do not want romney the medium doe we do notchange your profile picture to ron paul if you support him show the world who is winning via networkromney and santorum are running almost equally well versus obama the super tuesday edition of rasmussen s poll..  roqkmoretweets therealdevonc lol but it all about the real atl. 404 678 770 atlanta georgia yea fuck you. offended ur probably rich too.. rt rawstory ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy rt huffingtonpost pandas drinking milk video rt ericcarvin get bite-sized rapid-fire supertuesday update from ap folk reporting from all 10 state our super tuesday 2012 coverage warning voter fraud in ohio via dailypaulnls could ron paul exceed expectations tonight ohio get out there and vote for santorum unless you want the republican version of obama to win.the rule of law tlot tcot ronpaulmy dog gt romney gt obama. since my dog ha little chance of winning my choice is clear.. tcot tlot teapartyromney and santorum are running almost equally well versus obama the super tuesday edition of rasmussen s poll.. i m at kentucky tennessee border i-75 jellico rt maplight american electric power owns oh who owns your state s members of congress supertuesday ohprim ..rt aflcio rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still ..rt katyinindy wouldn t you just love to watch newt for the next 4 year eating the liberal medium for lunch omg i would tcot gop t .. romney on guns control in his own words akcaucus anchorage ak gaprimary savanna ga vtprimary alprimary 250gas rt dfkmuzik this thursday at heat come check out ohio s finest club heat. 10 buck at the door.rt rockwithbeck dacw10 - newtgingrich life in - virgina - pay no tax in -- georgia -- doe not support our local - economy - he ..gingrich won t vote in virginia primary nbc4 washington via nbcwashingtonrt tgreeson bettina lawton interview csread61 on the inside scoop virginia on the subject of social medium - tvinsidescoop ..rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. ..this hour-long trip to visit my gram turned into the most outrageous 3 hour failed mission in my life. all thanks to the state of virginiapretty much just did an apple blossom photo shoot. tennessee in the springtime is such a beautiful thing. love fishing striper stripers off massachusetts coast when any info on when striper fishing off.. rockfish fishrt dagny_galt maybe she omitted the word enough end 10thamendment ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy ..do this on your facebook to help ronpaul rpforumsg.r.i.t.s. animal crossposting fl-ga-tn douglas county georgia - please help network for this little one..left..  ronpaul interview with laura ingraham 11 30am est start now.. rpforumsron paul woo media awesome 18x25 painting for ronpaul rpforums huffingtonpost i decided long ago never to walk in anyone s shadow if i fail if i succeed at least i did a i believe. -whitney houstonrt jarjarbug i know i m in the minority in my twitter forum.. i believe the only way barackobama loses is if we fall behind mittr ..rt huffingtonpost pandas drinking milk video ron paul draws more than 2 00 voters to idaho falls town hall meeting buy and compare barnstable massachusetts life insurance just got my history of oklahoma football part 2 dvd. afternoon officially booked in front of my tv. fishing striper stripers off massachusetts coast when any info on when striper fishing off.. rockfish fishgot my mom to go ronpaul for supertuesdayrt hugenetwork_en huge network politics ohio poll show mitt romney gaining rick.. campaign_2012 washingt ..we re playin the conservatory in oklahoma city tonight. come out and show u a good timerasmussen super tuesday gagop primary poll gingrich 38 romney 26 tcot tlot sgp hhrs ocrart wayne_oliver live in ga tn ok oh ak id nd or ma want 250gas lower tax and balanced budget. then vote4 newtgingrich. w ..rt chelseysaidthis rick santorum said single moms are breeding more criminals  supertuesday socialmedia buzz which candidate - and what issue - are trending in each state going to be heading to good ol west virginia soon homesweethome..the etiquette gap from newt mitt to facebook texting. how important is etiquette today in changemanagement  naughtapoet 5 now rt asdpublishing frost whitman naught - all in top 10 on amazon poetry. supertuesday climbconservatives the countdown to loving mitt is getting dangerously low. cc stephenathome romney and santorum are running almost equally well versus obama the super tuesday edition of rasmussen s poll..  fishing striper stripers off massachusetts coast when any info on when striper fishing off.. rockfish fishjob high school spanish teacher atlanta georgia diversity teachingjobs educationjobs privateschoolrt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says.  mking1906 ten state are voting today during this primary season a the gop narrow each choice for a nominee supertuesday team santorum michigan wa really sort of a tie don t you think passed a car on the way home.. right bumper sticker said ron paul .. left one said ross perot lolers stockpicker95 misdameenaso i said hay to mr tennessee he didnt say nothing back or she didn t tell himrt ramseyhouse bretbaier foxnews if romney take it tonight..will you guy admit defeat and be nicer to him..stop the division  bloodyknuckles i hate ohiodear mrs. romney your wealth put you in the top 1 of the top 1 of americans. that mean you can consider yourself wealthy.rt time must-read link for your lunch break via timenewsfeed job high school spanish teacher atlanta georgia diversity teachingjobs educationjobs privateschoolohio high school to provide new approach to learning  jayelott tennessee suck too. one day it s 70 degrees. the next day there s tornados. and now it s freezing. -__-rt drudge_report here we go again obama move to aid syrian rebel .. newt said will address activist judge love that .it ha 2 b addressed by sum1 they r insane armyofbreitbarts withnewt vettheprez todayspolitics he is a sick man mr santorum . you his own right wing ass think im about to head to ohiort newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt newtgingrich voting or caucusing today visit to find your state. supertuesdayrt n_idahoelection vote santorum rt teamsantorumoh rt dustindepp just voted for ricksantorum you should toovote ron paul today friends. love you all great sound bite by newt on wbap247news during news break. withnewt tcot teaparty supertuesdayhappy supertuesday everyone.aww cute couple lt 3 realaidandavis and georgia lock lt 3 rt melhi santorum ha come out strong against single moms. you know what make more single mom prick santorum no birth control and ..today is super tuesday ronpaulscarier than santorum joe lieberman -- of joementum fame -- say he s intrigued by americanselect push for third-party line in 2012.i m gonna vote for mitt romney cause fuckyou that s why.rt mitchellreports happy supertuesday today on the show at 1pmest governorva tombrokaw and obama2012 s robert gibbs mitchellr ..if republican are against contraception why doesn t gingrich have several child with all the chick he s banged super tuesday. git er dun mittromneyrt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. great sound bite by newt on wbap247news during news break. withnewt tcot teaparty supertuesdayrt time even if you hated it you should care that fox canceled terra nova. here s why via timeculture i voted for ronpaul to make a statement - yahoo news via yahoonewsrt nytimes the 6th floor blog linsanity design winner did you miss what happened last week in the west wing need a special visit from bo obama today watch best of luck to the inspirational dr. ronpaul today legalizeit opcannabisim fucking with my georgia fit all day todayi m carrying your love with me from west virginia down to tennessee lt 33santorum s real problem rt huffingtonpost colbert call rush limbaugh a poster boy for contraception yahoo. newtt spokesman say mitt very good at deceiving voter while thinking damn we tried to do that and failed. rt newtgingrich voting or caucusing today visit to find your state. supertuesday dayton oh we need your vote for mitt america is in your hand  cbcnews so what i don t know anybody in ohio. do u how about more cdn news. unless ohio people pay cdn taxes. do they rt grassrootspp for all of you not-romney folk don t waste your vote. vote for the man with a plan and the one w solutions. newtgi ..the polls have not closed yet ppl go withnewt vote for newtgingrich ak id nd ok ga oh tn vtrt ericcarvin get bite-sized rapid-fire supertuesday update from ap folk reporting from all 10 state ohio senate bill offers male lawmakers a taste of their own medicine via tpm maddow maddowblogrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  johnkingcnn cnnlive. thanks. watching wolfblitzercnn live right now on my tablet. watch you later on tv. txstudents4newt ron paul want a 0 income tax a the founders intended taxes war your butt drafted to fight in iran soondon t write romney off rt washingtonweek everyone is keeping an eye on ohio during supertuesday. what should you watch for in the buckeye state .. steelers there s steelers love everywhere even in anchorage alaska. steelernation rt huffingtonpost actress double down on the artist rape comment rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt rncresearch check back in one hour from now a rncresearch live-tweets response to obama s press conference and get the factsurprised mitt makes it official he s with big oil vt virginia virtucon elections matter even in 2012  p2 santorum discovers the limits of nostalgia political wire rt nytimes the 6th floor blog linsanity design winner rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt dm_design nasa to use virginia site to launch five rocket in experiment visible along united states eastern seaboard ..news you can use from nami massachusetts - check out the meetings on the duals project excuse me gop outoftouch. ann romney says she doesn t consider herself wealthy - via timenewsfeed rt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread  ianshilling change your profile picture to ron paul if you support him show the world who is winning via networking. out of work and heading to the polls. supertuesdaynewt or schrute i ve watched the office a ton and still had a hard time fb romney ha been touring the whole united states sense 2001 fixing his path to be president ifyouthinkaboutit happy super tuesday moneyrt bbcbreaking us republicans start voting in supertuesday state - the biggest contest so far in race for presidential nomination h ..ohio primary election today make sure you have proper id i m not telling you who or what to vote if you don t vote don t complain  kakeyxx march 10th - club flame in cincinnati ohio ..i m going lolrt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..when asked who she voted for one woman told me a republican. sure hope there were no democrats on the supertuesday ballot. gapolitics gaillyk that s funny i live there too thought about being from london ohio but new york seems nearer.. newtgingrich voting.the virginia transportation daily is out top story today via betterdcregion fairfaxcounty postmetrogirlrt keitholbermann agreed rt carieissovery i m pretty sure this is how i ll die --you too keitholbermann rt terilynnmartin if georgia view had a face i would totally punch it. thanks for being down when i need you. collegeprobz ajc report on newt gingrich campaign from gwinnettchamber this morning gwinnett supertuesdayrt yugiohtas sorry but rick santorum sound like a bad sci-fi villain name. maybe he d be more effective a one.operations planning manager-the nutro company mars tennessee. i wonder if any of my georgia president obama supporter are voting in the republican supertuesday primary today  mittromney repubs are a 3rd world organization.if they don t like the result then they just change the rulert ontopmag rosie o donnell opposes rick santorum s anti-gay views in song talk show host gay p2 glbtgood morning georgia s girl handbags llc is happy to announce that we are now available on twitter check us out georgiasgirllc - voted for newt today i hope you all do the same foxnews gop teaparty tcot newt gingrich staking his claim on georgia. supertuesday 3630 peachtree see what people are saying about gainesville virginia here cdc report shows massachusetts ha lowest divorce rate and gay marriage ssm tcotrt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rt onionpolitics diamond-wearing romney men want to be me women want to be with me warforthewhitehouse rt dshesgreen joelle ragland gop voter here say she supported wenstrup and romney. enthused about 1st choice romney not so much ohel nbcnews pakistan gt gt coruptrulingelite treacherously suportingagnda of it s foreignmasters army loosingballs nation waiting 4 godotrt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread gingrich make the case for a newt nomination - interviews - hannity - fox news via seanhannityjob high school spanish teacher atlanta georgia diversity teachingjobs educationjobs privateschoolonline conversation predict that mitt romney will win supertuesday rt time tree lobster have been rediscovered in australia via timenewsfeed ann romney need to stop talking.rick santorum isn t crazy vcu claim colonial to return to ncaas richmond va. ap troy daniels is such a good shooter virginia commonwealth coach shaka sma.. emilyslist lawmaker virginia bill requires ultrasound for miscarriage members of our armed force deserve more than platitude when they return from foreign war with illness or disability ronpaul goprt nbcnews 336 million rhode island woman 81 win powerball rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. .. ajc report on newt gingrich campaign from gwinnettchamber this morning gwinnett supertuesdayheaded to the poll supertuesdayrt superdawg what s all this supertuesday talk this happens once a week superdawg and superdawgwheel cast your vote for maurie an ..rt foxnews . fxnscitech exclusive unmasking the world s most wanted hacker lulzsec anonymous foxnewsradio yes continue toughen up mitt bury o in debate watch mitt our next presnewt gingrich on being a hollow man via youtubert drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. ohio senate bill offers male lawmakers a taste of their own medicine virginia tech other acc team see see attendance drop by mark giannotto this ha not been a good year for vir.. rt michaeljagmin we re playin the conservatory in oklahoma city tonight. come out and show u a good timert teapartycat rick santorum say it gut-check time and he s right-- if you re not voting for santorum then you re voting for satan.i wana go on the field already . come on ohio wanamovesouth drudge_report santorum s private side through wife s eyes.. god bless rick santorum the truth will set u free  ewerickson all i m saying is that i don t agree with using the same tactic to silence the socialists. i believe in free speech.andrew breitbart s last published piece argues that only newt s strategy for confronting obama s radicalism can help the gop win the wh.herman s back touting newt s two-five-zero plan.. rt weeklystandard romney and santorum are running almost equally well versus obama the super tuesday edition of rasmussen s poll.. ..andrew breitbart s last published piece argues that only newt s strategy for confronting obama s radicalism can help the gop win the wh.gingrich is the new john mccain. here s your shot to do what you should have done 20 year ago if you hadn t screwed up so badly.rt mattison rt . fullofbalogna ann romney doesn t feel wealthy because she ha never had to worry about paying a bill in her life. ..acc tournament 2012 every acc team s odds to make march madness in 2009 virginia tech finished 10-6 in confer..  santorum ha nothing to say about deadbeatdads but put it on the mothersofamerica. typical. join rush then. rt cjohanns romney tells students to shop around for college i ll read asapfreedom university undocumented college students in georgia forced to attend underground school democracynownew job vacancy sales support part-time at fastenal in tennessee us tennessee job vacancy ronpaul anchorage dena ina civic convention center march 4th 2012 - project nsearch tcot election2012ohio man dy after meth lab fire at nursing home rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..new yorker mitt romney cover magazine shows candidate driving with rick santorum in a doghouse photo rt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. rt financialtimes romney and santorum locked in dead heat financialtimeshiring promotional model in oklahoma city on november 20 and nashville on december 1. 20 an hour message me if you are interested ron paul assaults ben bernanke on parallel currencies rt washingtonpost good news for traveler overhead bin on us flight are getting bigger reminder that the jv bearcats are back in action tomorrow at 9am against west virginia wesleyan.. pride bulldogrt drudge_report pentagon develops robot that can run 18 mph..  ofa_ok have you guy seen the sample ballot vs. actual ballot everything cool with this see previous tweet  cmccaff542 andreamsaul mittromney thanks cindy hoping a ron-paul-shaped rock knock the voter sane today.romney and santorum locked in dead heat  university of virginia job laboratory specialist sr charlottesville va jobs time timenewsfeed nice ..why i lost your follow strange machinert huffpostpol barbara bush on the 2012 election cycle it s the worst campaign i ve ever seen in my life rt drudge_report pentagon develops robot that can run 18 mph.. vote newtgingrich supertuesday we have no time for game this election will change america forever need a leader no more rookie in wh  chrislittmann larry hunter taught a hoop class spring quarter at ohio until the bitter end. so did catlett at wvu. oldschoolsuper tuesday pointless tuesday obama2012 supertuesdayrt davidmdrucker why can t we get 7 republicans to break from the pack over here senatorreid objecting to mcconnell s highway bill ..rt indecision ann romney say she doesn t consider herself wealthy. so that make one person on earth who doesn t consider her wealthy.georgia in my mind by ray charles nowplayingrt judsonphillips projections show newt getting more delegate today than santorum. santorum should drop out in favor of newt teapa ..beau ties ltd. of vermont deals amp offers super tuesday 2012 rick santorum teeters on campaign precipice in ohio columbus ohio -- less than a day befor.. rt exposeliberals rasmussen super tuesday gagop primary poll gingrich 38 romney 26 tcot tlot sgp hhrs ocramitt romney is the pabulum of the republican party going to massachusetts 2mar to see my si and my new nephew cant wait emilydarling saw them doing it on the news with michigan. if they do it in ohio i hope they call here.job high school spanish teacher atlanta georgia diversity teachingjobs educationjobs privateschoolrt yugiohtas sorry but rick santorum sound like a bad sci-fi villain name. maybe he d be more effective a one.united states pennsylvania and west virginia move tax-break bills to lure petrochemical plant hundreds of jobs - d.. and one for ohio state rt lawschoolninja santorum doesn t like single mom doesn t like abortion doesn t like birth control. only solution is mandatory ..grand ayatollah or gop - by reza aslan foreign policy - statement by ricksantorum and a theocratic dictatorrt kil_aka_boss just cast my ballot for ronpaulrt c_finnegan31 to my fan of tennessee and anywhere i love y all.. y all made tennessee a special place i love y all i am honored and .. six romney family members hit campaign trail for ron paul alex jones infowars there s a war on for your mind so mitt romney his wife r worth about 250 mill dollar but she claim they aren t wealthy ur darn skippy ur not ur stinkin u rich u idiothappy supertuesday. not that it matter none of these guy stand a chance. sad we can t do any betterit s supertuesday. before you vote educate yourself on tortreform. .rt colleenmaleski supertuesday socialmedia buzz which candidate - and what issue - are trending in each state rt nbcnews 336 million rhode island woman 81 win powerball  postpolitics pakistan gt gt coruptrulingelite treacherously suportingagnda of it s foreignmasters army loosingballs nation waiting 4 godotrt aubergestowebnb great topic for today s vermont edition.  thecaucus since this i my twitter.i have infact read a grade f paper and the whole damn thing sound dumb.rt bostondotcom 81-year-old louise white won the 336 400 00 powerball lottery jackpot in rhode island. rt wayne_oliver live in ga tn ok oh ak id nd or ma want 250gas lower tax and balanced budget. then vote4 newtgingrich. w ..apparently mitt and ann romney have some sort of weird foot-in-mouth fetish.rt ronpaul_2012 the rule of law tlot tcot ronpaulwhat are people saying locally about grimstead virginia find out here rt newtgingrich voting or caucusing today visit to find your state. supertuesdaywhat doe newt gingrich ha in common with chris klein s character in election  theplumlinegs obama knew if he planted a young woman into a hearing rush limbaugh s mysogynist oxy-adled brain couldn t resist  ronpaul cite conversation with tim tebow.. via dailypaulit take courage to go against a hydra-headed all-powerful gov t. agree w them or not wikileaks anonymous occupy and ron paul got it.granny it s fun game until you blown up in a meth lab. rt usatoday one killed in meth lab fire at nursing home so my good friend showing out because they received a letter in the mail today stating that they made the dean list at georgia stateadopt zizzi pit bull terrier mix puppy on petfinder tweetapettues toledo ohioone prediction. some kind of vote fraud or suppressing of vote in nd. always happens in the state ron paul doe well in. ronpaul2012 joenbc does true conservative have any meaning in 2012 isn t it an issue of wethe_commonsensical_people cont pretty cool most searched gop candidate and political issues in supertuesday states infographic via mashabletoday a change is starting to grow r3volution americanrevolution ronpaul restoreamericanowsuper tuesday 2012 rick santorum teeters on campaign precipice in ohio columbus ohio -- less than a day befor.. ty rt leesburgmag patowmackfarm virginia based destinationsmag would like to get in contact with chef edwards for an upcoming issue.rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..another moderate gop nominee mitt romney will result in the reelection of pres obama. patricia sullivan founder patriot army newt2012flrt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of himlet it not be said that no one cared or objected that our liberty are in jeopardy ronpaul. 2. rt vahousegop vahouse honor virginia national guard today with center aisle presentation and hj 396 at 12 31 pm i wa only the 48th voter in my precinct to vote in the virginia gop presidential primary today..coulda been a steinbrenner-funded c 4 rt capitolwatch rob simmons named new chairman of the yankee institute. ctpoliticsrt cbsthismorning it s supertuesday the key battleground between mittromney ricksantorum with 63 delegate up for grab is oh .. seanhannity i m looking for a problem solver someone that will return to responsable gov. with a clear plan newts that man withnewti still get excited about the iditarod - alaska musher aliy zirkle leading iditarod trail sled dog race newt make the case for his nomination single game tickets for the first round of the wcha playoffs are now on sale. bsuhockey vs. undmhockey. romney santorum square off in super tuesday battle breakingnews information topstoryrt lolgop mitt romney came into this primary the harlem globetrotters and came out the washington generals.rt davidlimbaugh rt reincepriebus the rnc will be sending out today s supertuesday result via text- to sign up text results to 9 ..rt tim_maysports ohio state tennis star chase buchanan and blaz rolla sweep last 4 big ten player of week award buchanan getting th .. mofopolitics his robo call were driving the people in ohio crazy too.rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall i gave kurtismarsh k about ron paul on klout. what are you influential about while i m in walmart i hear chirp..look over and dude and his wife have walky talky s telling each other where they are. east tennessee rt washingtonpost good news for traveler overhead bin on us flight are getting bigger 1 dead in ohio nursing home meth lab fire dear mrs. romney powerball winner louise white won the 6th largest jackpot in us history and cannot attain your husband s wealth.rt huffingtonpost watch dog play piano and sings rt thedailybeast newt 2.50 gingrich mocks obama cheatsheet drudge_report ingraham when i was called slut barbara walters just laughed it off . lol waronwomen now mmfa rushreally ann romney you say you dont consider yourself wealthy.. super tuesday 2012 rick santorum teeters on campaign precipice in ohio columbus ohio -- less than a day befor.. today is super tuesday and newtgingrich is surging in key state find out how you can get involved at super tuesday 2012 rick santorum teeters on campaign precipice in ohio columbus ohio -- less than a day befor.. rt senjohnmccain . abc news christiane amanpour mccain s call to arms in syria has echoes of bosnia genocide rt time must-read link for your lunch break via timenewsfeed  inmanibusdei ricksantorum thank you i voted for the best candidate i informed educated myself on issue and candidate supertuesday joshuaguess it wa nice tweeting u. u seem cool. sorry u see me a selfish we can just agree to disagree. vote 4 mitt. sorry selfish tweakit s a tuesday..but it s a supertuesday. breaking down gop race result in 10 state voting today on 9 10 pm fox4wdaf news. tune in  yugiohtas he sound like another name for a toilet. excuse me sir but where may i locate your santorum i m stuck in the rick rt abc romney accuses obama of dawdling with iran sanction supertuesday cleveland it can get worse obama could get 5 more year america is in your hands. vote mitt super tuesday of truth for mitt can he ever get a majority of voting repubs to support him in a state primary unlovedrt amsterdamized pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politicaljunkies. ..why steubenville close to ricksantorum s root rt drudge_report here we go again obama move to aid syrian rebel ..  ronpaulnw2012 change your profile picture to ron paul if you support him show the world who is winning via networking. rt ericboehlert or how s romney going to face al qaeda if he can t face rush limbaugh rt cutiepi2u rt newtgingrich don t miss my interview tonight on the hannityshow tonight at 9pm et. 250gas timetochoose withnewtc ..lovin the ron paul support in columbushuskers illustrated gt gt ohio qb land bama offer rt hump_god fuck virginia.super tuesday 2012 rick santorum teeters on campaign precipice in ohio columbus ohio -- less than a day befor.. driving in oklahoma by carter revard read more here a 19 yr old dude from gambia just replied to a 18 yr old grrl in virginia looks like they re getting along rt aflcio rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still ..why doe ohio state s spring beak start so late fuuck.job high school spanish teacher atlanta georgia diversity teachingjobs educationjobs privateschoolgeorgia perimeter got em out theres o to natalee_nicolee for think alaska is mexico super tuesday 2012 rick santorum teeters on campaign precipice in ohio columbus ohio -- less than a day befor.. rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gaswondering if i should ask for a refund for these brush i ordered x took forever to ship and now have been stuck in alaska for a month.debating whether or not to go vote in the virginia primary today. i don t see what good could come from it.perry s recruiter are in idaho this week. see them dehryl a. dennis tech today columbia skyview hs wed. vallivue borah hs thurs.a 19 yr old grrl from canada just replied to a 23 yr old chap in north dakota looks like they re getting along rt txstudents4newt newt is the steady statesman romney is just another undisciplined fickle flip-flopping politician who got u into ..rt pressgovdeal icymi governordeal discus georgia primary day energy price and obamacare on cnn with carol costello. ..rt huffingtonpost colbert call rush limbaugh a poster boy for contraception  chriscrocker so your dream man is a mountain man from west virginia  newtgingrich thank you for asking for my vote. up till this post my vote wa a protest vote for herman. hate he wa assassinated. u got it _swagmama ohh what about rick santorum  govpataki know pbo policy haven t failed any1. repubs romney have same old econ idea that killed economy hurt poor nowwithalex icanhasbailout we won t need one after iran nuke us. ronpaul warmonger.rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall  luxury homes real estate million dollar home in massachusetts - 16 hobart road rt blogbat how gingrich saved reagan revolution newt is the only reagan conservative in 2012. withnewt tcot te ..there is a line at my polling place awesome vote supertuesdayrt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread play mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrcrt nicholsuprising scarier than santorum joe lieberman -- of joementum fame -- say he s intrigued by americanselect push for th .. harryr a santorum would say because rt theatlantic why netanyahu and obama are still divided over iran via nationaljournalrt txstudents4newt great sound bite by newt on wbap247news during news break. withnewt tcot teaparty supertuesdayann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy via huffingtonpost she is even more out of touch than mitt.rt yugiohtas sorry but rick santorum sound like a bad sci-fi villain name. maybe he d be more effective a one. keitholbermann anoncorpwatch fox wa given access to sabu s handler gt interesting fed s chose fox to break story rt ontopmag rick santorum attempts suicide over gay marriage the onion reports rick gay p2 glbtwe dont want flip romney he only consistent with money we dont want crazy santorum calling single mom hoarder of criminal ok4ronpauli m at diggin it 507 n tennessee mckinney ohio so damn country man josh_vs_smiley i don t know how u did itthat s a load of horse shit all the expert say ron paul is the one to beat o youtube  2.50 gas join u to make it happen frankly we can t afford one more day of obama withnewt supertuesday okprimary thewetbanditsto i lied x lol i don t live in boston. i m actually from a small town in western massachusetts. pron paul interview on cnn after maine caucus results announced 02 11 12 today i miss ohio todaya 49 yr old woman from ohio just replied to a 34 yr old dame in ohio looks like they re getting along oklahoma tax attorney rod polston is taking a personal approach to solving irs problems i wa the only one at my polling place. it took about 2 minutes. supertuesdaysuper tuesday vote ron paul rt bretbaier tonight on our specialreport supertuesday panel we have kimsfirst stephenfhayes andreatantaros and thejuanwilliams maxnrgmike it seems such an obvious strategy i m no genius but how dumb can some so called principled people be newt 2012 rt rasmussenpoll 65 now expect romney to be the republican nominee..  newt gingrich isn t voting today because his campaign was too disorganized to be on the ballot nbcnews a..  monsonquotes the oft-repeated adage is ever true honesty is the best policy. lds mormon ofa_oh edshow mittromneyrt arthura_p victimized by rick santorum slick willy romney ha paid more for each vote he received than any other candidate in history.new event tennessee williams the night of the iguana mary gray munroe theater atlanta ga rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot  theeconomist change your profile picture to ron paul if you support him show the world who is winning via networking.  the4thhourgbtv i would like to see you tell u that santorum win the primary race. i would also like some free ice cream..where did winter go newengland newhampshire maine vermont mass state flag ron paul don t win imnotvoting chris wallace grills rick santorum over birth control opposition charity amp education remarksfreedom university undocumented students in georgia forced to attend underground school freedomu_ga athens karolnyc dutch_book he gave me 5 6 going long mitt in oh. shoulda been even money but dutch book otb is the only game in townron paul ha the most sane foreign policy in the last 60 years free market raises all boats wars destroy them tcot ronpaul2012rt trmircat rt trscoop the left hit romney over lying about individual mandate rt tradethecycles gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt newt s surging get out and vote for super newt on super tuesday ..packing for 11 day is a lot harder when you know virginia ha the most bi-polar weather evernewt s pac winning our future hitting on romney in alabama radio.rt msnbc supercalifragilisticexpialidocious songwriter dy rt gbtv get caught up for tonight s supertuesday special with these highlight from gbtv s 2012 coverage sjrt armorcavspin allen west on vp spot i m always ready to serve my country - katie pavlich via townhallcom gi ..super tuesday 2012 rick santorum teeters on campaign precipice in ohio columbus ohio -- less than a day befor.. rt rasmussenpoll 65 now expect romney to be the republican nominee.. so it will be a drunken dance tonight. hopefully newt won t partake like he did a couple time early in the year. bitter is unbecoming. mindofasailor sugashann just atl that s the only place i d want to go to in georgiai m at university of massachusetts - boston 100 william t morrissey blvd boston w 6 others rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..boston herald newt gingrich pin hope tuesday on big georgia win - via rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. ..newt gingrich get secret service protection. how s that for tax payer money well spent huffingtonpost news super tuesday 2012 rick santorum teeters on campaign precipice in ohio columbus ohio -- l.. rt time must-read link for your lunch break via timenewsfeed santorum-supporting hate group launches anti-gay robo-call attack on romney in ohio lovely blue blouse for work or special occasion - - vegan veg sanfrancisco seattle oregon ohio cincinnati atlgreat lesson theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.rt gottalaff rt cjohanns romney tells students to shop around for college i ll read asap supertuesday states what doe sean hannity think of newt gingrich -- gt withnewt tcot 250gas candace07 rt visitpocahontas we re already looking for judge for this year s west virginia roadkill cook-off. any idea out there economic problem currently facing america are the direct result of a boom-and-bust cycle caused by inflationary fed policy ronpauli m at thai stop 14101 n may oklahoma city rt weeklystandard romney and santorum are running almost equally well versus obama the super tuesday edition of rasmussen s poll.. ..always thought ppl named rick were cool.. like he s the guy who ha your back in a barfight.. but mr. santorum tho rt rolandsmartin paul mooney there are only 2 kind of black people in america you re either running free or you re running scared. ..dawg post scout gt gt terry ends recruitment.. picks georgia want to know more about the problem of human trafficking in oklahoma want to find out how you can help join us.. do gun prevent crime would you feel safer if this wa georgia court students can carry gun on campus rt ppact rt sarahkliff sen. lisa murkowski r- alaska tell anchorage daily news she regret supporting the bluntamendment. ..rt txstudents4newt andrew breitbart s last published piece argues that only newt s strategy for confronting obama s radicalism can he ..i just saw on the news the level in columbus ohio is at a all time high..  facethefacts - ronpaul is right one dime for a gallon of gasoline tcot teaparty gasprices inflation economynot answering the phone today 99 sure all call will be mitt romney. or barbara bush. swingstateproblemsi m at kp nails 1169 nimmo pkwy virginia beach  speakerboehner gotta be proud your candidates..no gut no new idea no chance to win in nov. tea party ha ruined you  supertuesday rush war republic read romney obama married in economic demise gaprimary okprimary tnprimaryrt saint_obama i just donated 10 to the newtgingrich campaign in support of the 1million for newt campaign. ..rt henrybarbour thefix romney is consolidating the folk who want to defeat obama in november retain our majority in the house and t .. realdonaldtrump mittromney hope u r right. cat fighting among republican ha 2 stop. we have to rally too and support our nomineedtn canada romney santorum square off in super tuesday battle mitt romney could take a big step toward polish.. oklahoma tax attorney rod polston is taking a personal approach to solving irs problems  averettcougars longwoodlancers get out and vote let virginia know lancers and cougars care about this country  evalongoria your my favourite housewife watching the episode when virginia take you to battle of the band xi m at atwell hall ah 453 w. 10th ave. the ohio state university columbus to those of you going to mlg columbus let s hope it isn t like this by the time the event come around. funny though. 12 33 pm 48f feels 44 f s10 mph gentle breeze gst 16 mph bp 30.4inhg rh 39 24hrrn 0 cb 6291 lancaster ohio weather ricksantorum too bad i can t vote for you in va i still haven t decided what to do.. maybe i ll go vote present rt huffpostpol tsa expands airport trusted traveler program adds military personnel to dca rt thecaucus super tuesday live coverage rt ap_video santorum us needs to do more than talk on iran  cnn call itself fair. it is laughable. supertuesday barbara bush being shocked about dirtypolitics is like a hooker proclaiming herself a virgin.rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says.  if she s joyce rt mazrsa if her name is virginia minus10cowz odditblue are you in oklahoma that s where the wind always come sweeping down the plain.rt tim_maysports inside word is urban meyer constantly challenging ohio state receiver corp to step up that 2011 stats unacceptable. .. the electoral college distorts what the populace want fixamericart txstudents4newt santorum romney favor keeping progressive income tax up to 30 . newt favor a 15 flat tax - all men are created ..rt cpate00 oklahoma wind is something serious..rt owillis imagine if michelle obama said it. rt markos rt mlcalderone ann romney i am so mad at the press that i could just st ..the fact that after supertuesday result tonight none of the 4 republican will drop out of race is only good news for pres obamart theorangecone supertuesday voter - if elected my first order of business will be to mandate live usaclive racing on tv every thu ..there is no path to 1 144 for santorum or newt rt johnkingcnn happy super tuesday. quick look at state and stake from a magicwall perspective more johnkin ..man i love arguing with ron paul people. it s like bashing your head into a wall except le productive.rt thedemocrats new poll show romney s image is currently worse than recent candidate who went on to win a presidential nomination. ..funny how hrc call out mitt 4 not keepg promise 2 support enda but remains silent on obama doing exactly same thing. if your idea of look presidential is a middle-aged ken doll -- plastic superficial unauthentic and out-of-touch -- then it s romneyrt ontopmag site protesting rick santorum s anti-gay views no longer tops google results gay p2 glbtiran crisis former mossad director says romney op-ed making the situation.. via huffingtonpost politico pwgavin did you really expect anything other then what you got from liberal democrat they r a cold hearted rude bunch romney family misspell their name in one of the greatest freudian slip ever via sturdyalex rt msnbc rhode island woman 81 win powerball 336 million rt huffingtonpost colo. girl call 911 when mom go into diabetic shock while driving progressive offers suffolk massachusetts life insurance is anyone live-streaming ron paul s rally in nampa idcaucus katyinindy otoolefan radicalism santorum romney and gingrich you mean gop is falling apart. november can t come fast enough 4 me.rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread dangerous justifications for rick santorum s beliefs rt ofa_sc 30 376 young adult in south carolina have gained health coverage through their parent plan thanks to the aca. .. shortwave8669 that s the 2012 newt. rush played clip of newt agreeing with gore. just don t ignore the facts.rt drudge_report here we go again obama move to aid syrian rebel .. rt washingtonpost good news for traveler overhead bin on us flight are getting bigger if ron paul want to win this thing he really need to start going after romney a little more. he s smelling like a rose right now. skunkyrt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..yes we can ronpaul2012 supertuesday restoreamericanow telegraph blog put on a suit and tie mr romney. you re not fooling anyone by iainmartin1 sotrue columbus - america is in your hands we need your vote for mitt to keep the american dream alive ohrt georgepren it s here idaho s first gop caucuses. here s a rundown of today s supertuesday ballots rt greatdismal speaking of mugabe i think he ha a lock on vermont on super tuesday. and look for joe mccarthy to take ohio. seeno ..pretty much lol i secretly think if mitt get elected he ll be like fuck you bitch ima democrat gimme yo pussayy - kris_rocksxdrt btwnunemploymnt let it not be said that no one cared or objected that our liberty are in jeopardy ronpaul 1. ..a lot just happened - my fb feed went b2b with snooki potentially getting engaged and sidney crosby being cleared for contact. supertuesdayrt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rt time must-read link for your lunch break via timenewsfeed  itstheref would u like to compete for a chance to perform at the 2012 ohio hip hop award send me an email adsy and ill email u the info.alaska voters.. want obama s algae and 9.99 gas or newt s 2.50 gas 4all2c akcaucus ak gop rnc 250gassantorum. he get love by default. imagine santorum negotiating with foreign leader with his extreme religious intolerance.whoever s running virginia they re delivering it to new uncomfortable places. in bobmcdonnell s virginia. the key state tonight..ohiort washingtonpost good news for traveler overhead bin on us flight are getting bigger 23 somalis on trial in tennessee for sex slavery via newamericanmag toryswing a a libertarian who would you rather if it wa between perry and santorum mormons believe romney is conservative because the church ha told them he is he is one of them. romney is anything but conservativert theplumlinegs gop senator admits voter see current fight a battle over contraception not religious liberty doesn t look busy at poll in north gwinnett today gapol supertuesdayeach state in the us ha scheduled date to vote for their party s nominee for president. ten state are voting today supertuesday 2012 what to watch tonight chew on this it is possible that santorum could win in both ohio and tennessee but rom..  turnersportsej how far do you think the ohio state buckeye in marchmadnesswe have a great story about a virginia department of transportation worker finding a little girl in the snow.. rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..ron paul is my favorite muppet.rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt txstudents4newt great sound bite by newt on wbap247news during news break. withnewt tcot teaparty supertuesdaysuper tuesday is it weird that i m pulling for romney i d love to see conservative grapple with electing a mormon. freedomofreligionrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. gop senator admits voter see current fight a battle over contraception not religious liberty now hiring graphic designer ohio acloche jobi wish this ohio weather would warm up and stay up instead of this back and forth bullshit romney is the only gop candidate who doesn t send me into a blind seething rage. that s the best y all can do now hiring graphic designer ohio acloche jobdoes the poverty-stricken mitt romney know how those grocery store item scanner work georgehwbushishisherort ariannahuff acc. to cnn iran already ha nukes. at least the medium ha learned it lesson from iraq right ..rt time the most amazing fact about the universe explained rt ezraklein jon stewart on rush limbaugh  mizzou s frank haith also named usbwa district vi coach of the year. district vi includes missouri iowa kansas oklahoma nebraska nd sdpresident state office primary in ohio today. polls open until 7 30pm.  gwennoglyn georgia you loli m at rebel home base centreville virginia rt nytimes the 6th floor blog linsanity design winner rt usatoday one killed in meth lab fire at nursing home skywarn spotter training class schedule for west tennessee tnwx severe health ohio state surgeons pioneer removal of skull-based tumors through the nose and mouth healthnewsdigest..  an blog dangerous justifications for rick santorum s beliefs hi all new post is up. please.. atheism atheist usatoday a cool summer breeze the sultry sounds of ginger patterson in another day in time fall in love  govchristie hi gov good 4 u next dc watch w mittvols finish fifth nationally in attendance seven straight seasons in top five the tennessee basketball t.. volsa 35 yr old fellow from texas just replied to a 49 yr old woman in ohio looks like they re getting along now up hb2236 by faught extends to 2016 the oklahoma educational television authority joenbc morningmika need p.a. got reference ap top news at 9 03 am est ap national news video more gt gt atlanta ap - mitt romney is angling to solidify his ..  kakeyxx y not columbus ohio rt micheal_rivers r.t.s. paranormal from the heart paranormal massachusettsrt ontopmag ron paul super pac secretly funded by gay billionaire peter thiel ron paul s gay p2 glbtrt startelegram rt amanbatheja texas tie to gop candidate santorum s daughter paul s son newt s nemesis romney s headache http ..daily kos santorum sticks foot in mouth again. rich do not have to pay taxes via dailykosrt thinkprogress michelle bachmann play the victim the rhetoric is far worse against people who stand up for traditional marriage. ..rt ofa_da obama2012 ha something in common with this putin power everything putin touch turn into a national project solyndr ..in super tuesday s shadow ohio s poorest struggle to rise via huffingtonpostprofessor encouraged u to google santorum. not cool.rt senatorsanders video sen. sanders on cnbc explaining how the cftc is refusing to regulate excessive oil speculation ..rt loveshayb ofa_az yay tucson is full of obama supporter  foxnews want more patrol in your neighborhood. i can tell you how can be done.ohio senate bill offers male lawmakers a taste of their own medicine via tpmrt mattison rt . fullofbalogna ann romney doesn t feel wealthy because she ha never had to worry about paying a bill in her life. ..rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. ..given the contender in this supertuesday it should probably be renamed subpartuesdaydude said he wa no. 1 in the state of tennessee in football a a freshman..gtfohcheck out tn s 4th congressional district ballot today -- mittromney thanks to all who attended the idaho sesquicentennial proclamation at the capital this morning. we ll be tweeting picture soon play mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrcmy original who to choose in 2012 post from november withnewt tcot supertuesday tngop ann romney doesn t consider herself very wealthy . no matter how you spin it annie..you are.rt iforanimals ppiorg adopt zizzi pit bull terrier mix puppy on petfinder tweetapettues toledo ohio rt markkeam house beginning w center aisle presentation honoring hero serving in the virginia s national guard.  coach frank beamer and first book join forces to bring new books to virginia kids - sacramento bee  emptywheel theplumlinegs looks like he may have also scammed the romney s out of all their money and in to poverty.rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. two proposal to set up electronic coverage database from the idaho house and the mississippi house mitt romney s wife doesn t consider herself wealthy. i m sure majority of people living in poverty would like 2 think they r not poor.bioportfolio news national veterans creative arts festival set for massachusetts more than 30.. bioportfolio newsinteresting georgia state university study say 4-day school week better test scores. that would attract system who want to save .romney and santorum are running almost equally well versus obama tonight watch supertuesday video coverage broadcast live from the nytimes newsroom this out of control bullshit ha got to stop. ronpaul endtsa tsa force new mom to pump milk out of her breast rt politicprophet ricksantorum rick santorum single mother are breeding more criminal  thinkprogress why is she still speaking why is anyone asking her opinion on anything rt taternuts it s really windy in kansas today probably because nebraska blow and oklahoma suck lt -- have you ever met dorothy rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall purchasing power of illinois latinos totaled 43.6b in 2009 up 393.4 since 1990 per selig center for economic growth univ of georgia.georgia voting for newt why go mitt mitt will lead u out of the mess we have tough time ahead we need real leadership. wake up  mgraham969 voting today in the gop potus primary in massachusetts wa alot like winter in siberia gloomy depressing..and lonely. fbmassachusetts dems urge brown to come out for marriage equality skyrssnetworkrt alexnbcnews realized after i landed my story made drudge rt drudge_report gingrich will not vote in primary.. .. realdonaldtrump mittromney in your dream ron paul will win the delegate  supertuesday 1.frp 2.leah 3.paul talie 4.charlotte 5.deb fuel up. go st francis goptmke rt usatoday happy 100th birthday oreo. celebrating centennial all year long rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. .. rnc there go my paycheck for the week obamaonempty i m at house of undress atlanta-decatur georgia rt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. champagne. you drink it in victory and need it in loss. wc vote super tuesday ohio.gingrich said of obama s algea clean energy idea this is the kind of stuff that s cloudcuckooland. then again his name is newt gingrich bobbycline3 you went with ron paul didn t you -prt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..minus 20 - from alaska  newtgingrich although u are not voting..so why should we rt whinenot supertuesday states what doe sean hannity think of newt gingrich -- gt withnewt tcot 250gasrt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. latest oklahoma ha 43 delegate at stake - rt wsjgraphics ohio and tennessee are the state to watch on super tuesday. the wsj guide rt senatorsanders video sen. sanders on cnbc explaining how the cftc is refusing to regulate excessive oil speculation ..rt therealreks mitt romney look like an assholert rolandsmartin rt betnews study find woman age 15-22 are 50 more likely to have unprotected sex if their boyfriend ha a.. htt ..rt st3washere i voted for ron paul. hopefully i can do it again sometime. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. new realbirds collection from play-n-squeak by ourpet s company fairport harbor ohio march 6 2012 -- prnew.. rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. .. jaketapper i dont understand why a lie repeated by elected official can go unchallenged but we spend 5 day on a radio host s comment.rt wepickrick meet nh s mike biundo santorum s top guy new hampshire news0605 green donors bet romney is faking his new climate change views and will flip flop back if elected skyrssnetworkit look like a 3 way tie in tenn. if newt can grab tenn he will win 2 of the top 3 delegate states. newts pathway will be laid.i m a georgia voter supertuesday cumberland united methodist church pic dear mr. romney you don t have to say outrageous thing about the pres. just tell the truth ab. him. that s bad enough.up at georgia state it kinda crispy unfollowz rt catdaddy81 up here bout to vote for newt gingrich.. blackrepublican.rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. .. thinkprogress your counting geico which left in 2004 rt nprnews pet therapy how animals and humans heal each other rt newtpotus newt need volunteers no managed decay no to the establishment join today withnewt onemillionf .. georgeewald ricksantorum nomination can wait - early finish will just give dems more time to play their destructive games. chill out fakedansavage a gift for you and the gop on super tuesday santorum rt drudge_report group sue for michelle obama vacation records.. ron paul s tough questions for hillary clinton via youtubeohio school based on daniel pink s a whole new mind innovativeedrt nicholsuprising scarier than santorum joe lieberman -- of joementum fame -- say he s intrigued by americanselect push for th ..rt drudge_report underage girl rich powerful client .. dear mrs. romney you say you measure rich by the friend and loved one you have. you may not be rich but you are fabulously wealthy.vermont american 26133 10mm arbor 5-1 2-inch 30 tooth xtend fine finish cordless circular saw blade amazing price virginia recruit commits to stanford stone bridge va high school junior ryan burns ha been a strong lean to..  newt2012hq funny that santorum still think it is newt that should drop out when vesty should be looking in the mirroranother sign of newt2012hq surging momentum 300 add l teaparty organizers joined coalition of teaparty withnewt i m at cafe 501 oklahoma city  cnn psteinhausercnn change your profile picture to ron paul if you support him show the world who is winning via networking. vermont man accused of shooting kidnapping nh man  katebhicks sounds like someone is a romney birther.i m at kentucky tennessee state lines adairville who said it--rick santorum or ayatollah khameni - one is a religious fanatic railing against secularism ..  drudge_report ingrahamangle well it wa kind of funny. uptight old biddy church lady might be more appropriate. super_tuesday rt nellyp15 ron paul revolution supertuesday super_tuesday rt pcnn sad but true-- our cnnpolitics political desk wearing ohio state shirt today -- those poor folk stevebruskcnn cnnjustin .. super_tuesday rt grr_romney good morning pack let s start thing off with the top 7 jokes about mitt romney collected from letterman and.. http .. super_tuesday rt ronpaul_2012 the rule of law tlot tcot ronpaul super_tuesday lots of folk at campaign hq making call for mittromney. come by help out this afternoon gagop gapol mitt2012 super_tuesday rt whinenot newt we need an administration with the courage to use the word radical islam. tcot supertuesday 250gas withnewt super_tuesday so far romney ha put u here in vaprimary to sleep so far only 1.2 ha come out..we don t want mitt.. newtgingrich tcot teaparty super_tuesday we need romney obama santorum like we need a big hole in our head. you really want a 1 er in charge again are you ok with the statusquo super_tuesday ty mt humaneohio great story in toledonews about humane ohio pet food bank huntington bank pet food drive super_tuesday i m at armandos 4767 tennessee 58 chattanooga super_tuesday rt txstudents4newt newt is the steady statesman romney is just another undisciplined fickle flip-flopping politician who got u into .. super_tuesday here s your superpac top 5 for supertuesday. happy super tuesday super_tuesday grandma georgia bit mee omg lol.rt huffingtonpost pandas drinking milk video inside tennessee scout gt gt vols lead for miles  mittromney ipswich mass. love mitt romney rt hump_god fuck virginia.rt govchristie dems have stopped talking tax increase joined call for relief we ve turned trenton upside down .. teezybmore jus got into georgia welcome..usa need mitt romney. obama is a catastrophe for christian around then world.romney is a true christian who will fight for western world. pretty_ladykk nice nice bahamas my mom goin to alaska on a cruise next yr kxcitucson hey we think you might like this especially on supertuesday ohio votes 2012 those of you who have kid who attend a school with a levy what are your kid doing saying about the election ohiovotesjust listed 7609 via addthis 169 900 7609 d mansion in mason ohio 45040somalicare 23 somalis on trial in tennessee for sex slavery - the british national party leadership is not only .. rt politicalwire democrats strap mitt romney on rush limbaugh s station wagon.. rt ontopmag ron paul accused of being hypocrite on gay marriage a rhode island columnist gay p2 glbtrt zerohedge rasmussen - obama romney run near even when it comes to major issues- maybe cause they are the same president ..enough of this coverage for supertuesday livelifeasrx what about heavy back squat wednesday can you spread the word please lifeasrxbarbara bush swats away bolling s concerns on romney s flip-flops don t talk about that video rt tradethecycles gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt newt s surging get out and vote for super newt on super tuesday ..santorum is intolerant to other type of christianity. lord help u if he ha to work with the islamic world.rt n_idahoelection vote santorum rt teamsantorumoh rt dustindepp just voted for ricksantorum you should toort gbtv get caught up for tonight s supertuesday special with these highlight from gbtv s 2012 coverage sjromney santorum square off in super tuesday battle mitt romney could take a big step toward polishing off chie.. iran crisis former mossad director says romney op-ed making the situation worse. romney santorum and newt need to stop  thecaucus one food linking usherraymondiv in pre dementive state lack sugar.i will leave relion out buy each dead worshiperlive in massachusetts please vote in today s primary. military officer speaks out war on terror v war on debt vote ron paul 2012 via youtubert goodlife_cam i just saw on the news the level in columbus ohio is at a all time high..  conservative_76 you say rubber stamped i and rick santorum say and have said took one for the team . big difference.this should change santorum s mind about contraception snooki pregnant - report  newtsmoonpeople i ll buy season ticket to see the newest nfl team the georgia satelitesrt alswrite romney s kryptonite. rt rebeccadnc dnc memo- rt patrickgaspard why romney s struggle continue beyond super tuesday ht ..rt thedailybeast rt dailybeasttv jon stewart eviscerates rush limbaugh s attack on contraception. watch robocalls urge ohioans to vote for social sanity rick santorum not for homosexuality mitt romney lgbt bigotry drudge_report you propose we do nothing crimesagainsthumanityrt pudgie0717 rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot ohio newtgingrich life in - virgina - pay no tax in -- georgia -- doe not support our local - economy - he did not get my vote  greenjobs minnesota manufacturer to bring 100 job to north dakota - post-bulletin rt theplumlinegs gop senator admits voter see current fight a battle over contraception not religious liberty what wa that noise just the collective sound of nobody giving a fuck that massachusetts is picking a republican candidate today.rt washingtonpost good news for traveler overhead bin on us flight are getting bigger on route to vermont with my momma rt vermontbridges warren covered bridge vermont vt bvt early bird rate for yaapana partner therapeutics training in ohio thru 3 16 learn amazing thai fly techniques. yogamichigan west virginia to face off in brooklyn ohio votes 2012 those of you who have kid who attend a school with a levy what are your kid doing saying about the election ohiovotesrt theatlanticvid a lovely time-lapse video of the night sky over joshua tree. watch escapism paulwiggins kimota the m in mitt is pronounced a sh rt theatlantic the electoral college distorts what the populace want fixamericart ap follow ap journalist a they cover and tweet about supertuesday -cj time must-read link for your lunch break via timenewsfeed sattudhaliwalrt washingtonpost good news for traveler overhead bin on us flight are getting bigger  elliottunes elliott do you know georgia tuner xwowza the lady can t get a break w this guy dailykos rick santorum single mother r breeding more criminal hope to hear that ronpaul carried va on supertuesday gop vart huffingtonpost leaked email suggest pakistan knew bin laden s hiding place today is supertuesday who will have the bigger day romney santorum ronpaul or newtmichigan west virginia to face off in brooklyn  latest romney santorum square off in super tuesday battle rt trscoop the left hit romney over lying about individual mandate got my mom to go ronpaul for supertuesdayin hope of rallying supertuesday vote newtgingrich go after ricksantorum saying he s historically a labor union senator lol action speak louder frm mcconnellpress to sarahpalinusa say otherwise romney gop care about people cbsnewshow can it be a supertuesday when a a result one of two lunatic will potentially be a step closer to the white house gottobackobamasantorum breeding by single moms creates more criminals. rush p2 gopfail novel readrt time the most amazing fact about the universe explained  paulbegala alexcast cnn let s get back to reality. romney santorum and gingrich are clone of each other. obama win period. ricksantorum are woman and gay allowed to vote for you it seems you won t be their prez if erected  dickmorristweet rick santorum because he ha clear contrast to obama and will be able to focus on obama s record and not baggageohio voters.. want obama s algae and 9.99 gas or newt s 2.50 gas 4all2c ohprimary oh gop rnc 250gasrt gaformitt lots of folk at campaign hq making call for mittromney. come by help out this afternoon gagop gapol mitt2012 http ..governor mike huckabee to speak at ohio homeschool convention rt sleevetalkshow gut check time in ohgop primary. fb ricksantorum nomorerinos fireobama gameon wepickrick ricksantorum2012 h ..rt time tree lobster have been rediscovered in australia via timenewsfeed to conservatives women are sluts whores . respect the women of america georgia alabama dallas ftworth denver sacramento nyc lapolitical quote of the day the rapist vote is pretty small senator santorum  time of promise spectrum crunch risk deepening digital divide between wireless haves havenots. crucial for community of color mmtcforuma new condo in dorchester ma 02125 just posted on massachusetts  fivethirtyeight the q for angus king is w whom will he caucus a senator w o a caucus - q s abt seniority comm assign relevancert nytimes tonight watch supertuesday video coverage broadcast live from the nytimes newsroom i encourage all non- gop va citizen to go vote for ron paul today. create havoc for the gop you get to vote against romney twice.just cast my ballot. go vote supertuesdayrt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. rick santorum single mother are breeding more criminal religious zealotry breeding innumerable idiot p2 tcotrt saint_obama i just donated 10 to the newtgingrich campaign in support of the 1million for newt campaign. ..rt huffingtonpost pandas drinking milk video rt time he s young handsome and the heir to a political dynasty. why can t rahul gandhi win in india i liked an youtube videofrom the_13th ssx - alaska - tutorial thinkprogress yeah they might want to reconsider..rt yugiohtas sorry but rick santorum sound like a bad sci-fi villain name. maybe he d be more effective a one.rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gas food stamp president what s the basis of gingrich s claim vote for ron paul today. cnn change your profile picture to ron paul if you support him show the world who is winning via networking. rick perry newt s the real deal - youtube rt johnnymurdoc true story overheard i like santorum best by someone digging into a plate covered in gravy. fb stu_gbp glennbeck romney only candidate who hasn t been a part of excessive spending corruption via 13wmaznewsrt drudge_report pentagon develops robot that can run 18 mph.. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  thinkprogress because it s all in her head.rt nytimes tonight watch supertuesday video coverage broadcast live from the nytimes newsroom rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..honored to speak today to the tennessee chamber execs. what an awesome group of professionals. tccert ohsuzyqz the truth newt gingrich this amazing video must be shared plz. withnewt supertuesday newtging ..michigan west virginia to face off in brooklyn ncaa bballdon t think i m going to be able to stay up for supertuesday. feeling tired and it s only 1745 gmt. it s the superb owl all over again.just saw the newt 2012 campaign bus in i-40 outside memphis.pumped for supertuesday rt davidaxelrod worth reading romney shooting blank on iran. rt tnforbuddy2012 step-by-step instruction for supporting buddyroemer in americans elect election2012 online primary ..i m at strs ohio 275 east broad street columbus that would have been exciting. extra extra secret service rt craigr3521 i am shocked that ron paul didn t speak at aipac.yes i believe i m tweeting. rt peterkingcbs sarahh_cbsnj. covering gingrich campaign2012 read with your child coach frank beamer and first book join forces to bring new books to virginia kids if we g.. rt dakotamays vote ron paul today friends. love you all prep soccer tullahoma s allison barlow sign with tennessee tech. rt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. hoping for a big victory for mittromney mitt20122 400 herald ron paul in idaho falls ronpaul lrpt cletalkingheads no love for toledo in the ohio team discussion the rocket lost by 5 to osu in football osu is not dominant anymorescheduled my ohio state campus visit for april 5th readytobeabuckeyewant to learn how you can organize for fl2012 join the jacksonville team tonight at 6 30pm i uploaded a youtube video electronic depot inc of georgia presents the hdv600 trainingdream on newt obama2011 danielseidemann ny times gingrich promises 2 move american embassy 2 j salem on day 1 no wonder you make me cry. cnnitsmo georgia s state vegetable is the onion. as in vidalia onions.  thinkprogress i m sure rush ha lost sponsor before for saying doing stupid stuff but ha he ever lost twenty-four in one week rt mzdebdeb ewerickson voting for santorum after work 5pm atlanta area. i knew you were wondering..lolrt consnationradio ricksantorum i have put together a plan to shrink this government gameon rt ricksantorum as commander-in-chief i would commit to keeping our promise to veterans. this is not a republican democrat issue bu ..rt nytimes tonight watch supertuesday video coverage broadcast live from the nytimes newsroom ron paul and tim tebow ronpaul lrpt starbucksjobs here are a couple of store manager opening in ohio cleveland oh zachlowe maybe i should relocate rt colefront got my mom to go ronpaul for supertuesdaywhat we have is mom raising child in single-parent household simply breeding more criminals. santorum 1994 rt terrypooch donate to rick santorum he needs all the money he can get..romney spent 12 million in one state. lets beat this we need ..big sale on ron paul t-shirts the handsomest best-made ron paul t-shirt is now just 10 do you.. tcot ronpaultennessee professor tries to drive across us on 10 gallons of gas cliff ricketts is on a mis.. georgia us newsrt catholiclisa ricksantorum i urge you to support me a the one true conservative in this race. thank you. ron paul talked homeschooling with tim tebow via huffingtonpostrt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..happy super tuesday. let s hope we all make smart decision today. rick2012 ricksantorumi miss virginia rt ontopmag rick santorum suggests students indoctrinated on gay rights at college rick gay p2 glbtrt ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are. join me in t ..nor do i think gingrich will leave the race tonight even if he come in 3rd in ga.rt ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are. join me in t ..rt nytimes tonight watch supertuesday video coverage broadcast live from the nytimes newsroom everybody get out and vote and if you don t know who to vote for do yourself and the rest of the country a favor and pick romney..rt nytimes the 6th floor blog linsanity design winner 2 400 herald ron paul in idaho falls thanks to travis holte tcot ronpaul realdonaldtrump if mittromney win the gop expect his him to get his as handed to him by barackobama.. ronpaul_2012 ron paul 2012 rt huffingtonpost the top 10 spring break destination what do you remember about your first presidential voting experience via ritawilson hp50ask supertuesdaysocial medium got young voter to care in 2008. how are gop candidate doing in the social medium world supertuesdaycompare cheap nantucket massachusetts life insurance happy super tuesday in honor of here are some fun fact about past president -- and their pet supertuesday the politics of raw milk rawmilk ronpaul liberty iamthemobah yes ..the smell of geritol and moth balls..i must be at the voting precinct orgrandmashouse supertuesdayjust got robocalled with an anti-santorum message from restoring america. no endorsement just don t vote for santorum. ron paul and tim tebow allies for homeschooling. thanks to brad funkhouser tcot ronpaulrt ikswolafar once im out of east tennessee for good life will be perfect. berrytramel blog oklahoma city thunder 33 foul shot aren t an accident good read here. shutupdirkwe service all of southern ohio and northern kentucky. call 877-237-8918 for your free business security consultation today virginia today only 75 off. can you believe it college basketball michigan west virginia to face off in brooklyn michigan will play west virginia on dec. 15.. rt deanleysen i find it almost remarkable for a black man to say we re going to decide who are people and who are not people. - s .. caro_ackles i m from ohio usa.georgia right rt honie_bee i love going to paula deen s restaurant that white woman can cooktennessee jobs currently available for the computer support specialist computersupportspecialist -  chucktodd funny that u defend mrs. romney-i don t remember any1 of u defending mrs. obama 4 year ago when the racist twisted her commentcan t wait for santorum to win ohio tonight. why is he still running ad on google in all the states. all others r focusing on voting statesrt huffingtonpost 8 everyday household item to use for cleaning romney s agenda for the wealthy is hurting him with those who aren t. a priorities2012 supertuesday memo rt tnforbuddy2012 step-by-step instruction for supporting buddyroemer in americans elect election2012 online primary ..rt notngingrich if you re withnewt in virginiaprimary vote against mittens obamney. ronpaul can t win and we need to slow mr rmone ..got camera-like to photograph fall tree vermont join us-small group-fine artist-fine rt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director ..rt zerohedge rasmussen - obama romney run near even when it comes to major issues- maybe cause they are the same president ..rt ariannahuff lisa belkin point out that rush didn t insult just fluke but all parent of young woman new virginia law bars motorcycle-only checkpoints poll is mitt romney really a brain eating zombie vote the best way to protect our country and reduce spending is to stop the war and bring our troop home. gop2012 supertuesday ronpaul gopmassachusetts voters.. want obama s algae and 9.99 gas or newt s 2.50 gas 4all2c maprimary ma gop 250gasjust watched a reg. dem womn intv in ok. she din t vote bo in 08 like santorum in 12 ..sez rick ha a disabled child like she has..huh  mittromney many insurance company cover the cost of vasectomy and what about governmental health coverage for congress a disconnect rt drudge_report winner of 336 million lottery jackpot is 81-year-old woman.. rt thejacobsinger georgia voters vote newtgingrich today on your ballot it s time to turn this country around.west by god virginia baby..we keep the lights on for u covered in coal - blackwater outlaws via youtubeo-boy iran crisis efraim halevy ex-mossad director-says mittromney op-ed making the situation worse huffingtonpostrt climatweets climate progress green donors bet romney is faking his new climate change views and will flip flop back to bei.. htt .. drudge_report and it look great in a dress carllewisbig sale on ron paul t-shirts ronpaul lrpttues 3 6 - coverage of super tuesday with al hunt matthew dowd mike murphy supertuesday pandavoort is repronpaul going to pull out nd today supertuesdayrt billhaslam it s supertuesday after month of a hotly contested primary tn will play an important role. tennesseans be sure to ..rt nytimes the 6th floor blog linsanity design winner at least one person on ok voted for ron paul..ohio is santorum s challenge for super tuesday rick santorum faced a crucial test tuesday in ohio where he s d..  ncaa ncaabb michigan west virginia to face off in brooklyn rt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. ron paul s parallel campaign - politico top stories gt gt the texas congressman is focusing his resource on the thre.. rt keithrivals my take on the good start by the tennessee vols go to 1 07 mark --  the race in ohio is a tight a some of lady gaga s skirt - dan rather updating the folksy anecdotes. supertuesday p2 tcotgeorgia on my mindrt samsteinhp breaking full story aol drop ad from limbaugh s show david axelrod slams mitt romney s cowardly response to rush limbaugh alternet this is the gop go to guy slimeperhaps that s because the fight is in fact over the availability of contraception. theplumlinegsour ability to continue funding the welfare-warfare state w o destroying the economy depends on foreigner buying our debt ronpaul gop newt wa upset there wa no panel for him at aipac2012 because he needed a moderator to yell at israel supertuesdayoklahoma where the wind come sweeping down the plain that phrase is right on today ironically it s super windy on super tuesday rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. ..rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. ..rt wow_va never dreamed i d be protesting for woman s right in 2012 in virginia waronwomen prochoicein rural ohio precinct grudging acceptance of mitt romney - los angeles times this should be rick santorum cou.. rt dacw10 newt talk the talk but doe not walk the walk. ok can t risk everything on newt tcot teaparty ohp ..rt firefighterpict six escape house fire firefighter injured - oklahoma city news .. firefightermichigan west virginia to face off in brooklyn michigan will play west virginia on dec. 15 a a part of the in.. if any of the candidate can resist the medium and parlay newt s strategy into a nomination we ll have a shot to defeat obama - breitbartrt nytimes lulzsec hacking suspects are arrested tonight watch supertuesday video coverage broadcast live from the nytimes newsroom rt rockwithbeck dacw10 - newtgingrich life in - virgina - pay no tax in -- georgia -- doe not support our local - economy - he ..political cartoon of the day supertuesday edition- mitt s hurdle politics humorfollow who s up and who s down in the race for the gop presidential nomination in our poll tracker supertuesdayrt paeznyc santorum s sexual obsession video cafe it s do or die for romney santorum the fat troll and the old guy with the big ear a super tuesday is cont  nowwithalex hey alex there s also a candidate named ron paul. how about you include him in your poll mediabiasrt ricksantorum our country wa founded on idea of god-given right not govt-given rights. we need leader who hold this a core belief.rt wepickrick this is a must read for santorum supporters. the parallel between reagan s primary run in 1980 and rick santorum.. ht .. lawschoolninja what don t you like like about ron paul i know his stance on the environment isn t the bestboat capsized on tennessee river three on board one rescued immediately.rt politicprophet santorum forfeit 27 of 66 delegate in oh today plus all in virginia unorganizedsantorumis nyt saying those defending barnard v. columbia are correct refuted mean they ve sucessfully proven their case is he crazy newtgingrich life in - virgina - pay no tax in -- georgia -- doe not support our local - economy - he did not get my vote  supertuesday voting greenfield high school  supertuesday rush war read romney obama married in economic demise tcot trcot liberty maprimary redsox ewtnrt mrbarfcity super tuesday is like picking which terminator will kill your family. santorum is def t-100.rt newtpotus newt need volunteers no managed decay no to the establishment join today withnewt onemillionf ..i love you ron paul i love you so much supertuesdayrt whinenot newt we need a fundamental reassessment of our entire understanding of the threat of radical islam supertuesday 250g .. johnsonrw businessinsider is on the road to williston north dakota - america s fastest growing boomtown find out whyprep baseball report ohio q a with michael marsinek about his commitment to eastern michigan. via addthismichigan basketball to face west virginia in brooklyn next season rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..i feel nervous living in ohio in election year because there always the chance that i m gonna get blamed for a shit president.play mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrcdrexel basketball loses to virginia commonwealth in caa final a 49 yr old woman from ohio just replied to a 35 yr old fellow in texas looks like they re getting along it must be a liberty day ronpaul r3volution vote supertuesdayrt theplumlinegs gop senator admits voter see current fight a battle over contraception not religious liberty ron paul s parallel campaign - politico top stories gt gt the texas congressman is focusing his resource on the thre.. rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. ..rt ohsuzyqz the truth newt gingrich this amazing video must be shared plz. withnewt supertuesday newtging ..super tuesday mitt romney look to solidify front-runner status rt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. rt drudge_report ron paul eye nd..  cincinnati we need your help in voting for mitt america is in your hand ob it could be worse it can - he could get 5 more year rt nytimes tonight watch supertuesday video coverage broadcast live from the nytimes newsroom everybody poops. even rick santorum poops. classic rocker reo speedwagon styx and ted nugent to play virginia beach may 19 the tour is being called the.. rt bbaptisthoops excellent pt by tsnmike on tsn 1st-tm aa jared sullinger no one command more attn yet fouled 20 pct less. ..was it john kerry or john edwards who though 250.00 wa the normal price of a haircut anne romneyann romney measure wealth by how many friend she has. is disappointed that cadillac stopped letting her trade friend for cars.we don t want newt who can t even hold a wife let alone a presidential office we want ronpaul so we can be proud to american again freedomi sure wouldn t mind being that not wealthy ohio is santorum s challenge for super tuesday rick santorum faced a crucial test tuesday in ohio where he s d.. happy super tuesday mittromney romney2012ohio high school to provide new approach to learning danielpink adpcenter nmutr edleader edchat classroomresetrt oritsklar voted for mittromney this morning. he s a conservative businessman not a career politician. mitt2012 gagop supertuesday sickntwistedem danielgreggs blink which are you referring to jareth sarah or georgia marissa michigan west virginia to face off in brooklyn rt motherjones what we have is mom raising child in single-parent household simply breeding more criminals. santorum 1994 htt ..rt theplumlinegs gop senator admits voter see current fight a battle over contraception not religious liberty oklahoma city thunder v phoenix suns nba live stream 07.03.2012 i added a video to a youtube playlist watch ron paul s speech night of mich. ariz. prii m getting really excited about watching the coverage of supertuesday. i m such a nerd.rt billburton716 romney s agenda for the wealthy is hurting him with those who aren t. a priorities2012 supertuesday memo ..our liberty will b lost if the 2007 newt governs. we have the info. why take the chance elect santorum principled conservative ohprimary toryswing and if i wa to throw romney in there off to go place my vote for ron paul because the rest are even more weird than him.rt cantshutmeupdes if your idea of look presidential is a middle-aged ken doll -- plastic superficial unauthentic and out-of-tou .. ddiamond411 mittromney barackobama it s actually 42 and that s not income. do u want to start taxing asset a life tax death tax rt billburton716 romney s agenda for the wealthy is hurting him with those who aren t. a priorities2012 supertuesday memo .. jonathanhuntfnc newt seems to be the smartest most experienced regarding national and international solution why is he not moving forward rt exposeliberals rasmussen super tuesday gagop primary poll gingrich 38 romney 26 tcot tlot sgp hhrs ocra rich kids for mitt romney is more disturbing than the traditional attack ad video via inthecapitalgingrich vow to strengthen fundamentally timid spy agency i m at memorial union north dakota state university 1340 administration ave. fargo w 6 others who would jesus vote for larrytaunton weighs in on supertuesday via ericcnnbelief check out our job opening for a medical sales representative in ohio western pa oh total wound care sol jobs hahah if rick santorum wins.. no comment. lolgeorgia humane s this is a beautiful story about hope and the unconditional love of a pet. get yo.. can t decide between newt or ron -__-rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..play mitt n match watch mitt change position more often than he change clothes. mittnmatch via hrcvoted for ron paul here in va sadly it the only way i could be withnewt on super tuesday..rt secondchronicle ricksantorum-priority 1 repeal obamacare tcot teaparty prolife teamsatorum wepickrickvermont voters.. want obama s algae and 9.99 gas or newt s 2.50 gas 4all2c vtprimary vt gop rnc 250gas matunos leah1069 if the state followed romney s healthcare model they would. under obama they still won t get covered.2nite is about heat vs. nets supertuesday. how many more ppl can santorum alienate how many issue can romney change his mind on rt ricksantorum today is supertuesday i ask for your vote. i ve set forth idea vision that remind u of who we are. join me in t ..five members of romney family endorse ron paul for president three to speak at idaho caucus sites rt billburton716 romney s agenda for the wealthy is hurting him with those who aren t. a priorities2012 supertuesday memo ..great meeting in waukesha last night ajkahle at the waukesha neighborhood team leader meeting. winsconsin rt katharinamorris idaho gop caucus team coverage begin at noon on ktvb. dr. weatherby dr. adler join u throughout the day evenin ..rt visioneresearch online conversation predict that mitt romney will win supertuesday rt wolfrum mitt romney understands the common man. hell there are three of them cutting his lawn now.rt tradethecycles gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt newt s surging get out and vote for super newt on super tuesday ..rt knoxkp rick santorum single mother are breeding more criminal religious zealotry breeding innumerable id .. nnomad_ msnbc not up until and after the day of the iowa caucus then newt surged in sc santorum wa dead again..rt ontopmag rick santorum s opposition to gay marriage touted in james dobson radio ad gay p2 glbt onecampaign one cannot think well love well sleep well if one ha not dined well. -virginia woolf endhunger fbnewt gingrich isn t voting today because his campaign was too disorganized to be on the ballot nbcnews alex .. ron paul is totally winning my vote for sga president right now. yolo ronpaul will ron if elected freebradleymanning the hero nobeltruthprice contender wikileaks usarmy usa ows wikileaks anonymousrt ronpaul4liberty ron paul brings hope to our government yahoo - by courtney kunze every time i have heard someone complain about.. ..newt gingrich announces kansas leadership team via newtgingrichrt nytimes tonight watch supertuesday video coverage broadcast live from the nytimes newsroom rt lifeis2art bmangh well to ppl who think 190 million isn t wealthy mrs. romney she can t comprehend the value of feeling it when ..if any of the candidate can resist the medium and parlay newt s strategy into a nomination we ll have a shot to defeat obama - breitbartmitt romney is a bobble head and a we know it must be hollow to wobble. lolrt rcfp reporters committee release guide to legal issue in covering ohio school shooting overheard while voting how do i write in santorum is his name not on the ballot it s not on all of them. wtf chlidrens oklahoma city thunder oklahoma city thunder from china -  mondayflowers thay are so cute. hope you are having a great day. it s a wonderful day sunny and worm in the dyt. ohio.rt gbtv what s newt gingrich going to do if today doesn t go so well supertuesday gbtv sja budget with virginia value via progressva supertuesday ad by colbertsuperpac people destroying america remember girl to vote the way your husband tell you bengreenman culturedesk we totally think election should be on tuesday supertuesday even ha a theme song thank you very much paul draw big crowd in sandpoint ron paul is highlighting his theme of small government .. idaho news us idcall tn mittney hq. mt tndp french radio europe1 want to intv tn voter who speaks french. contact lisepressac supertuesday 2012 3jhe rt nychoops bcimmino1 - uconn offered mount vernon s isaiah cousins today following yesterday s offer from oklahoma so. carolina a .. jones_nomrs thing are good just working in tennessee can t complain..how are you  thecaucus is in fact the richest smh. make thing history or instead you ll be it.rt motherjones what we have is mom raising child in single-parent household simply breeding more criminals. santorum 1994 htt .. mittromney superpac go 100 negative on ricksantorum in alabama. no more pretending to be comparative alpolitics rt rwbeagle rt cutiepi2u newt gingrich on super tuesday irritatedwoman in nd ok tn oh ga _itsshante church road virginia va  ariannahuff from tsunami to tornado i would not say god is happy with anywhere. he i think let them occur although he can prevent them.phoenix suns v oklahoma city thunder nba live stream march 07 2012 uconn just warming up for the next round against west virginiart thecaucus super tuesday live coverage  einlesenderarbeiter fuck glitter romney need a dump truck load of cow shit p youtube romney say obama insufficiently pro-israel by sarahb_cbsnjrt nytimes the 6th floor blog linsanity design winner rt niacouncil rt david_elliott fmr israeli mossad chief say romney s iran rhetoric undermining us israeli national security ht ..i can t wait for this weekend no i can t wait till my trip to virginiabreitbart s last piece argues only withnewt s strategy for confronting obama s radicalism can the gop win the wh joe scarborough mitt romney lied about individual mandate health care reform video via huffingtonpostvideo ap - voter voices romney most likely to beat obama state election official had no report of early.. rt ontopmag rick santorum is too anti-gay to be president arlen specter says former gay p2 glbt supertuesday info. and result a soon a they come in gop teaparty tcot tlot decentfilms not equal .. romney flexible enough to be made to do the right thing paul is an unelectable unacceptable nut ginadalfonzowhich candidate is supertuesdaywait herman cain is endorsing newt gingrich this change everything ..oh wait no one caremitt romney in your state limbaugh to black caller take that bone out of your nose and call me back. but those probably weren t the word mitt would have used. p2 mrrob88 romney. by a mile. he s my preferred candidate.rt ronpaulsvoice liberty allows for the individual to be creative productive or spiritual on one s own term encourages excellence ..rt classicalliber tweet up ron paul today and retweet good posts. hopefully i have provided a few today. we need to own the search ter ..romney hoping for primary win in ma former massachusetts governor mitt romney hope for a super tuesday.. rinewsif you think mitt romney is electable rt dickmorristweet who ha the best chance of defeating obama in nov vote hre let me know yr thought withnewtrt cnnlive wolf blitzer moderate a special supertuesday cnn election roundtable with cnn s political team. live followers added among 2012gop for past 24 hour mittromney-1 583. ricksantorum-1 161. ronpaul-899. newtgingrich-429.bish please-- gt ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy via thinkprogressgingrich outlines plan to balance the budget via newtgingrichnews romney say obama insufficiently pro-israel candidate ronpaul attracts 200 in moscow 1300 in sandpoint while guv stumping for mittromney attracts 100 mon rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of him pedrofavre if you thought romney wa happy to get the christie endorsement here s one that blow it out of the water. thav916super tuesday is here i can only hope mitt ha a big day and the gop stop fighting and start focusing on november wishfulthinkingaccording to santorum i m a snob and a criminal. college student and the child of a single mother. okay then what would israel look like under a ron paul presidency gop potus tcot dems politicalticker ignore the poll early voting helped santorum. people rejected obama romney care last election cycle. ohio ohprimaryhow interested are you in supertuesday result a timeline of gingrich advisor bud mcfarlane s foreign entanglements via pogoblogoh no she di n t mitt romney s wife worth 250 million say i don t even consider myself wealthy. currently reading ann romney i don t even consider myself wealthy even more out of touch than her husband. newtgingrich ron paul rick santorum mitt romney newt gingrich 3 election newt2012 ronpaul repronpaul will u free bradleymanning once elected yes or no usarmy usa ows wikileaks anonymous oo teaparty savebradleyfrom weekly standard romney and santorum are running almost equally well versus obama ron paul cite conversation with tim tebow in discussion over homeschooling rt whinenot supertuesday states what doe sean hannity think of newt gingrich -- gt withnewt tcot 250gasmitt romney s youngstown ohio comments on college rt washingtonpost what if supertuesday wa more like marchmadness  newtgingrich good luck to u and america today. forwarded every video i could find. stayy atrong 4 a strong america..god bless u and usathis is the thing that made santorum want to throw up. rt iadammartin first time voting and i m the first one at the poll supertuesday teenpact  ronpaul so ron what is ur answer r u going 2 stand behind secrecy or will u be the man of the people wikileaks anonymous teaparty ooanxiously looking forward to a gingrich win in georgia and the ridiculousness that will ensue anotherlongnightofelectionwatchingrt yugiohtas sorry but rick santorum sound like a bad sci-fi villain name. maybe he d be more effective a one.rt quinncreative anne romney doesn t consider herself wealthy. she mitt made 20 m last year are worth 250 m. really video .. luxury homes real estate million dollar home in massachusetts - 12 longfellow road state-by-state snapshot of poll voting habit and other data johngizzi handicap supertuesday catholiclisa ricksantorum i m doing all i can for you rick nashville the co-chairman of newt gingrich s tennessee campaign changed his allegiance saturday to rick.. which president kept the most pet in the white house ask u or click here for answer supertuesdaywho said it mitt romney or mr. burns from the simpsons funny stuff here folks.coming up on the cgp mitt romney and money. does one s net worth affect your view of that candidate do dems who are well-off get a pas good afternoon it s supertuesday for the gop race with the presidential nomination up for grab who have you got your vote on  lolgop so today mitt romney is lecturing u that israel should decide when america should go to war. george washington would be so proud. m_hogan22 mindymaucelli noworldforeric that s false. look up washington delegate count. ronpaulrt newtgingrich voting or caucusing today visit to find your state. supertuesday toledo please get out and vote 4 mitt he need your support please unite gop behind romney nobamart ronpaulnews 2 400 herald ron paul in idaho falls ronpaul lrpta note to romney good luck i hope rep. are smart today and vote for you a you are the only .. gop tcot tlotrt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. .. chadrad i wa thinking newt. easier to clean.who s keeping a tab on supertuesday major primary go to vote today uselectionsrt jonhusted as of noon the report i am getting from across ohio the state indicate a modest voter turnout. supertuesdayoh yeah super tuesday is tonight.. looking forward to seeing ron paul once again getting marginalized. notreallyhahaha poor ann romney --.. breitbart s last piece argues only withnewt s strategy for confronting obama s radicalism can the gop win the wh rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..rt classicalliber tweet up ron paul today and retweet good posts. hopefully i have provided a few today. we need to own the search ter ..rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt robertsardon that s my boy ron paul rtpandering to seinfeld fan now whatsthedeal rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt theplumlinegs gop senator admits voter see current fight a battle over contraception not religious liberty rt thisbowers romney is going to be the nominee. only question is how long it takes.help u spread the news about the disasterrelief in southern ohio- exoticfantasy_ we call that wake and bake in georgia lolarrived in newport news whose existence i m only aware of thanks to the blessid union of souls song oh virginia. rt whinenot newt we need an administration with the courage to use the word radical islam. tcot supertuesday 250gas withnewtrt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman google political toolkit for ok supertuesday oklahomart cnnbrk lulzsec hacker arrested source says. rt ariannahuff acc. to cnn iran already ha nukes. at least the medium ha learned it lesson from iraq right ..rt ericcantor i am endorsing mittromney for president of the united states because he is the only candidate with a bold pro-growth ..rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman  everydayscott he ha never said anything racist and to be racist is to say one race is better which he ha never said. now newt..rt markos romney isn t president yet he s already screwing up our foreign policy re iran according to ex-mossad director ..magic city in georgia when i was 12. let me reminiscert thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman hiring top notch restaurant managers in lagrange georgiart mediaite iran iran so far away mitt romney talks tough now wanted to check with lawyers in 2007 video co ..rt judsonphillips projections show newt getting more delegate today than santorum. santorum should drop out in favor of newt teapa ..rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot rt thinkprogress the 8 who dumped rush gotomeeting proflowers quickenloans sleepnumber sleeptrain legalzoom citrix carbonite h .. chasingrach yes there are many filipinos now in all different state even in the freezing cold state like alaska. but the biggest in ca the brain that wouldn t die jason evers virginia leith eddie carmel 1962 movie teamfollowrt cgseay santorum gear up for super tuesday  video romney know all about tennessee since he used to watch davy crockett on tv racconhat gop failvoting in supertuesday primary let u know how it go by using votewatchromney win washington caucus - mitt romney will win washington state s caucus cnn project with about 36 of .. rt kamaainainoc rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gas nbcnews a cool summer breeze the sultry sounds of ginger patterson in another day in time fall in love rt misskuykendall it s supertuesday get your vote on if you are in ak ga id ma nd oh ok tn vt or va -- i had no idea rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman opednews - article romney and santorum envision a caste system for america  maignvictor comanche county oklahoma ok the brain that wouldn t die jason evers virginia leith eddie carmel 1962 movie teamfollowrt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman ohio high school shooting 1 killed 4 injured at chardon high american spectator obama loses his first debate to newt2012 withnewt tcot teaparty supertuesday rt supernikenando spreadlove to richmond virginia.rt drudge_report group sue for michelle obama vacation records.. michigan wolverines to play west virginia mountaineers next season in brooklyn made in georgia rt theoldoakinfo truth rt conservative_76 virginia it the guy with no principle against the most principled politician in two ge ..ron paul connects with tim tebow - fox news  newt2012hq newt newt newt newt newt 250gas veteran tennessee supertuesday withnewt gop2012 n452012 tcot teapartyrt cpate00 oklahoma wind is something serious.. newt2012hq newt newt newt newt newt 250gas veteran tennessee supertuesday withnewt gop2012 n452012 tcot teapartycalling all artist whom enjoy the beautiful romney marsh and the story of dr. syn why not dm me take part in syn at the grand 3 - 2012i use to get it in ohiort helpm8 supertuesday supertweeters helpm8 eavesdropann thedaveweinbaum soundshoremedia powerwomenmag aladybirdtweets kylejno ..who will it be romney or santorum supertuesdayrt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt tpm newt gingrich to get secret service protection super tuesday mitt romney focus on economy while rival seek opening washington post rt breaking_news redistricting force ohio democrats into primary fight toledo ohio reuters - he is a liberal gadfly who capt.. h ..mitt romney the acceptable man newsrt stephenathome you know that warm tingly feeling you get when your foot fall asleep that s how i feel about mitt.liberty is not complicated ronpaul supertuesday gopcan t we all just get a bong puffpuffpasstuesdays supertuesday legalizeitgeorgia bout to be my new best friend rs thinkprogress seriously rt motherjones what we have is mom raising child in single-parent household simply breeding more criminals. santorum 1994 htt ..gym class hero s will be making an appearance in georgia soon - actually mitt should win i like that republican.ron paul s army awaits order eheilwp paul supporter awaiting marching order from the man himself on whether.. rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman  paulbegala said republicans want to repeal the 20th century. hilarious rt thinkprogress breaking five more company pull ad from rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 20 advertiser overall. ..join the super tuesday roundtable rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. ..i just voted for sugar plum bakery a best bakery in virginia beach. cast your vote now bestofhr had the honor to be w t unclerush congressman dennis_kucinich n toledo loraine ohio sat and the ppl showed much love 4 both hope u win rt deadhostess robocalls urge ohioans to vote for social sanity rick santorum not for homosexuality mitt romney ..rt ronpaul_2012 the rule of law tlot tcot ronpaulrt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt motherjones what we have is mom raising child in single-parent household simply breeding more criminals. santorum 1994 htt ..rt thedailybeast rt dailybeasttv jon stewart eviscerates rush limbaugh s attack on contraception. watch rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers hjr1098 new joint resolution approving permanent rule of the oklahoma accountancy board distribution. rush limbaugh conservative woman hater is your mom a slut usa atlanta ca ct mi ca ut nyc boston ohio radio gop ca seattlert dwstweets romney s once again distorting the fact on barackobama s record on iran. spread the truth by sharing this video ..rt motherjones what we have is mom raising child in single-parent household simply breeding more criminals. santorum 1994 htt ..happy supertuesday rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman most consecutive final five appearance current streak only north dakota 9 denver 4 umd 3.rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman georgia house reject bill subjecting vicious dog owner to criminal charge in attack vermont shop owner prevails in assignment of proceeds case against nationwide insurance 11 advertisers flee rush limbaugh pro-gingrich super pac stays - ohio gov. kasich refuses federal aid after twister devastation alternet just help yourselfthis is very interesting.. social media and the presidential election a supertuesday analysis fbrt thedailybeast rt dailybeasttv jon stewart eviscerates rush limbaugh s attack on contraception. watch rt dukeconover boat capsized on tennessee river three on board one rescued immediately.rt usatoday second radio station drop limbaugh i just want to sell all my belonging drive to alaska and camp out under the aurora borealis. ok maybe just put my shit in storage.rt exposeliberals rasmussen super tuesday gagop primary poll gingrich 38 romney 26 tcot tlot sgp hhrs ocra lt - m.s. in mat l engr raised by single ma rt thelibraicon rick santorum single mother are breeding more criminal rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman ohio fire chief blame fatal nursing home fire on secret meth lab cnnrt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman super tuesday letsgo mittromneyrt motherjones what we have is mom raising child in single-parent household simply breeding more criminals. santorum 1994 htt ..this right here cut the joke rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman issues weigh on the mind of voter in ohio delphi township ohio cnn - the economy job healthcare and con.. rt texans4ronpaul one prediction. some kind of vote fraud or suppressing of vote in nd. always happens in the state ron paul doe we .. huffpostmedia was hoping it wa doocy. rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman tonight broadcasting live from nytimes i ll be your social supertuesday anchor. tweet qs w asknyt man i love my acg s but alaska put a serious whoopin on em.. timetoretirert huffingtonpost demi lovato open up about new eating disorder documentary issues weigh on the mind of voter in ohio ada county don t forget to vote tonight at the taco bell arena doors open at 4 voting at 7pm. ronpaul2012 mitt romney eye crown a us vote on supertuesday how to lose vote santorum or gingrich. supertuesdaysantorum target obama dempsey in aipac speech by rebecca_cbsnjrt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt tradethecycles gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt newt s surging get out and vote for super newt on super tuesday ..gotta love ohio weather new on cnn issues weigh on the mind of voter in ohio delphi township ohio cnn - the economy job healthc..  anthonybruno you clearly haven t met any sandbag from midwest ohio vote for liberty. vote to protect the constitution. vote to stop ndaa2012 and thepatriotact. vote to end the wars. vote ronpaul gopgingrich and santorum both gonna look at upcoming ks al ms mo and la contest a big opportunity to pick up a win streak.i m at free state brewing company 636 massachusetts st at 7th lawrence 700 word in and i haven t bad mouthed mitt romney yet. i think i m doing a great job at being non-biased. overhalfwaydonert thehill poll show romney gaining among conservative by joneasley romney tcot supertuesdayand i thought i would never agree with the cw i think he read my mind. rt mzdebdeb ewerickson voting for santorum after work 5pm atlanta area. i knew you were wondering..lol all that s keeping u from becoming energy independent is a lack of political will to do so. -- newtgingrich 250gas withnewtrt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman  savss30 your welcome massachusetts. you join u for the soi golf outing in columbus ohio on may 14th - information can be found here rt ppact rt sarahkliff sen. lisa murkowski r- alaska tell anchorage daily news she regret supporting the bluntamendment. ..rt wegoted coming up next on the ed schultz show sensherrodbrown will talk about the ohio primary.rt wsj steve jobs s widow the palm pilot inventor and other tech titan are funding effort to help undocumented student ..rt washingtonpost good news for traveler overhead bin on us flight are getting bigger rt classicalliber tweet up ron paul today and retweet good posts. hopefully i have provided a few today. we need to own the search ter .. speakerboehner waysandmeansgop they are only second to the gops threat to senior care.. right john  superpaul a glorious day ronpaul r3volution restoreamericanow gop tcot teaparty teamronpaul liberty supertuesdayrt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman english kid is it super tuesday me i don t even know anymore. supertuesday illtakethesoup sorrytuesday dalydose i m a snob about all those a well except ohio cause i really don t care too much about ohio.rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman red flag warning for middle tennessee the gop s rush limbaugh problem deepens after his slut attack my mom walked in on me singing to my dog about supertuesday. ap gov changed me man. llcool_breeze michigan wolverines to play west virginia mountaineers next season in brooklyntoday is a big day with the gop voting in boston will romney or santorum take massachusetts rt theprospect when do reporters start calling mitt romney a liar because he s been lying quite a lot. mjmerker romney sorry. i m most educated in homeland security news. lol kandtindustriesrt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman cnn doing a job on mrs. romney after cavuto interview..rt motherjones what we have is mom raising child in single-parent household simply breeding more criminals. santorum 1994 htt .. all that s keeping u from becoming energy independent is a lack of political will to do so. -- newtgingrich 250gas withnewti m a proud georgia voter supertuesday rt cnn michele bachmann responds to piersmorgan s gay marriage question - i m not here a anybody s judge rt aburnspolitico netanyahu could crush it at a brokered convention tampart thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. .. wolfblitzercnn by non-stop do you mean commercial-free rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..rt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. rt sandyboynton the problem with leaving on that midnight train to georgia is you d end up in georgia sleepy and without a car. thoug ..list future price point gop presidential candidate are promising to compete with newt gingrich s plan to lowe.. fivethirtyeight a guide to super tuesday possibilities the line between a resplendent night for mitt romney an..  president 2012 daily alert mitt romney election pleasertrt octavionx rt supernikenando spreadlove to richmond virginia.alaska musher aliy zirkle leading iditarod us pump price on track to reach springtime record in u.s. newt our goal should be to get gasoline to 2.50 or le rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman  jerryjeter lol close. just below in texas. i m pretty sure oklahoma will see part of tx all day long. we re blowing that way rt jeffsharlet hearing santorum speak would make me side with the cylons if romney hadn t already beaten me to it. ok ha 40 delegate up for grab today. i would wager that the smart newt voter are proud to show their id s a req d fivethirtyeight a guide to super tuesday possibilities the line between a resplendent night for mitt romney an.. rt huffingtonpost watch dog sings the blue rt aburnspolitico netanyahu could crush it at a brokered convention tampatoday is supertuesday. need to get some popcorn for tonight s poll reports.ohio s republican primary what doe a super tuesday win mean ana marie cox all eye are on ohio bellwethe.. rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. i just voted for sunrise cafe a best breakfast in virginia beach. cast your vote now bestofhr  billburton716 priorities2012 dontcha remember he s not concerned about those people. rt lheron tonight broadcasting live from nytimes i ll be your social supertuesday anchor. tweet qs w asknyt rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers rt melhi santorum ha come out strong against single moms. you know what make more single mom prick santorum no birth control and ..super twos-day special mitt romney will flip on two really big issue for the price of one. supertuesday supertwosdaytight race in ohio b w romney santorum so i voted for the best man for the job.. newtgingrich newt2012hq withnewt ohioprimaryrt krikismash mr. newt gingrich.. with all due respect suck a dick.uncut santorum asked about nephew supporting ron paul via youtubeaye bigblacc_nigka let goo rt kakeyxx march 10th - club flame in cincinnati ohio rt the_grand_rr calling all artist whom enjoy the beautiful romney marsh and the story of dr. syn why not dm me take part in syn ..wonkbook romney on the cusp of 3 big win - washington post blog medicalfind out more about newt s lt 2.50 gas plan at 250gas withnewt supertuesday n452012fivethirtyeight a guide to super tuesday possibilities the line between a resplendent night for mitt romney an..  gop gilf sarah i see russia from my porch palin-movie will be on hbo saturday night. supertuesdayoklahoma tax attorney rod polston is taking a personal approach to solving irs problems rt acollinsbyrnes listening to jfk talk about mormons--haunting inspiration. he s describing mitt romney to a tee. ..guardian ohio s republican primary what doe a super tuesday win mean ana marie cox all eye are on ohio .. rt politico from pwgavin comedian adam carolla not laughing at reaction to breitbart s death i m at where i lay my head east point georgia rt ontopmag rick santorum opposes civil unions for gay couples rick santorum a leading gay p2 glbtrt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman fivethirtyeight a guide to super tuesday possibilities the line between a resplendent night for mitt romney an.. really curious how this supertuesday will play out and feeling helpless from ca.rt yowan vote for liberty. vote to protect the constitution. vote to stop ndaa2012 and thepatriotact. vote to end the wars. vote ..rt motherjones what we have is mom raising child in single-parent household simply breeding more criminals. santorum 1994 htt ..rt yugiohtas sorry but rick santorum sound like a bad sci-fi villain name. maybe he d be more effective a one.ohio collective bargaining battle boosting obama leaves shadow over gop - huffington post  thinkprogress oh yes i forgot that i should be barefoot in the kitchen baking some form of pie. my bad.rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gascabela s plan first ohio store in columbus - zanesville times recorder joenbc pls tell someone to fix vids for iphone.any stop midway or sooner. almost threw phone against the wall.great esquire article about a reporter volunteering for the santorum campaign in ga. how did he do it he showed up. rt richgowran ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran rt lheron tonight broadcasting live from nytimes i ll be your social supertuesday anchor. tweet qs w asknyt rt espnnewyork michigan wolverines to play west virginia mountaineers next season in brooklyn find out more about newt s lt 2.50 gas plan at 250gas withnewt supertuesday n452012rt mattvielhaber cletalkingheads no love for toledo in the ohio team discussion the rocket lost by 5 to osu in football osu is no ..pm is destroying mitt romney right now. bringing the lols obvs.rt politicprophet i cannot wait until romney take alaska i hope he sends sarah palin a thank you card.follow our live coverage of super tuesday..will romney finally seal the deal or will santorum surge bbc news  lexaas are you from tennessee cuz i wanna make out with your face bahahphoto sf s triple threat djs shortkut vinroc appolo a show in ohio i threw back in 2003 i think rt huffingtonpost watch dog sings the blue rt huffingtonpost kristin chenoweth kchenoweth speaks out on gcb and being both a gay advocate and christian  supertuesday every vote countmy world is an endless stream of saying no tomato and then getting my sandwich and yep tomatoes. i feel like ann romney. lackofwealthfinish this sentence. in gold rush season 3 todd hoffman from gold rush alaska will .. rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt theplumlinegs gop senator admits voter see current fight a battle over contraception not religious liberty rt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..romney santorum prepare for super tuesday georgia lottery.now trump want to give u john mccain the second romney tlot santorum s super tuesday challenge - why might mitt romney wind up the nominee of a republican party that is c.. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. karen santorum to abortion doctor you d really like rick santorum. he s a lot like you..and he s pro-choice. tcotrt wepickrick this is a must read for santorum supporters. the parallel between reagan s primary run in 1980 and rick santorum.. ht ..rt motherjones what we have is mom raising child in single-parent household simply breeding more criminals. santorum 1994 htt ..rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall mother sentenced to 10 year for assaulting son ap a tennessee mother who pleaded guilty to assaulting her todd.. given current evidence mitt romney is going to have a more super super tuesday than i willrt lindsjaye today is the day i m gonna register to vote and i m voting for ronpaul rt thehill opinion obama s flashing red light to netanyahu on iran by anne penketh iran israel aipacwe can be poor in spirit and i don t even consider myself wealthy which is an interesting thing - mrs. romney. poor in spirit rt azureblade7 ron paul cite conversation with tim tebow in discussion over homeschooling rt catholiclisa ricksantorum i urge you to support me a the one true conservative in this race. thank you. rt gelsantosrelos chasingrach yes there are many filipinos now in all different state even in the freezing cold state like alaska. .. gbtv vote for ronpaulsvoice or mittromney .pray newtgingrich doesn t vote for fake conservative ricksantorum .gr8 fact ck ad out-watchrt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman wow what we have is mom raising child in single-parent household simply breeding more criminals. santorum 1994 rt alexnbcnews realized after i landed my story made drudge rt drudge_report gingrich will not vote in primary.. ..rt devbost limbaugh to black caller take that bone out of your nose and call me back. but those probably weren t the word mitt wou ..want to live in a free country again vote ron paul today rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt dwstweets romney s once again distorting the fact on barackobama s record on iran. spread the truth by sharing this video ..voting in ohio today guess what i m doing. youngtown oh please unite behind mitt. he is the only one that can keep the american dream s alive. mitt2012rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall  nytimes tonight watch supertuesday video coverage broadcast live from the nytimes newsroom mcom251true rt mr1738 but we share a lot of slang with tennessee niggai m at four burgers 704 massachusetts ave. at prospect st. cambridge rt blogbat breitbart s last piece argues only withnewt s strategy 4confronting obama s radicalism can gop win the wh rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman i just voted for croc s 19th street bistro a best brunch in virginia beach. cast your vote now bestofhr energy independence is important to ensure our national security..  billburton716 you should contact tpm about this headline misses the point. not his wealth per se but his policies.six romney family members hit campaign trail for ron paul rt ericcantor i am endorsing mittromney for president of the united states because he is the only candidate with a bold pro-growth ..rt floridaline ohio voter remain angry about republican attack on union rt tullahomanews prep soccer tullahoma s allison barlow sign with tennessee tech. mitt on iran foreign policy as conducted by a teenage boy with an energy drink addiction alternet rt time he s young handsome and the heir to a political dynasty. why can t rahul gandhi win in india i m at india garden 207 n delaware st bt e ohio miami sts indianapolis w 2 others if centrist compromise is no longer possible in washington maybe this ha something to do with it rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman outside spending nears 11.5m in supertuesday state rt wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 ..rt zerohedge rasmussen - obama romney run near even when it comes to major issues- maybe cause they are the same president ..hrc site look at romney s flip-flop on lgbt issue washington showcasing mitt romney s constantly changing .. newt gingrich call out obama s hypocrisy on corporate tax loophole withnewtoklahoma vote in super tuesday contest voters lined up early tuesday to cast primary ballo.. oklahoma news usmichigan basketball to face west virginia in brooklyn next season rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman  usa news ohio man dy after meth lab fire at nursing home eu ukrt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt mac_b_from_tn overheard while voting how do i write in santorum is his name not on the ballot it s not on all of them. wtf rt alexqgb the romney family misspells it own name in the world s most epic freudian slip. rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt newtgingrich voting or caucusing today visit to find your state. supertuesdayrt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt clarkekant hey ann romney try stretching a box of hamburger helper over 3 night for a family of 5 and.. rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt huffingtonpost watch dog sings the blue  thinkprogress they are snob rt devbost limbaugh to black caller take that bone out of your nose and call me back. but those probably weren t the word mitt wou ..tinie and georgia but she s greek and he s black infowars-- gt ron paul cite conversation with tim tebow in discussion over homeschooling  billburton716 priorities2012 mitt the bitch romney dont care about the poor people only the rich people wake up folkrt thedailybeast the gop s rush limbaugh problem deepens after his slut attack  yeic wilmington island georgia ga rt nbenson59 the problem with g.w.bush is that he had no newt withnewt oh ohpol tcot tlotrt glennbeck rt gbtv what s newt gingrich going to do if today doesn t go so well supertuesday gbtv sj nytimes aron pilhofer how data-driven journalism is fundamental to good reporting ddjrt theatlantic from the walkman to the ipod what portable music tech teach u about innovation goose creek football standout to commit to georgia bulldogs the post and courier - via postandcourier chsnewt rt nytimes tonight watch supertuesday video coverage broadcast live from the nytimes newsroom grand forks neighborhood initiative moving to near southside grand forks herald grand forks north dakota voting on supertuesday tell u what voting mean to you. americandreamsecret meth lab at ohio old folk home explodes. guess there go the saturday night break-dancing contest.rt motherjones what we have is mom raising child in single-parent household simply breeding more criminals. santorum 1994 htt .. dancemomchristi are you in virginia  ezraklein there s a viral photo of a note blaming obama for high gas prices. is there a graph illustrating the real cause for price spike rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman who s gonna watch me and georgia aka colferliciouss on saturday on livestream i fuckin love mitt romney it s not the language i would ve used j f crt mac_b_from_tn overheard while voting how do i write in santorum is his name not on the ballot it s not on all of them. wtf rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt theatlanticwire france to digitize and sell 500 00 indispensable out-of-print book rt juicexlx video romney know all about tennessee since he used to watch davy crockett on tv racconhat gop failrt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. ..where u gonna b bro im so min away rt supernikenando spreadlove to richmond virginia.no such thing a over-educated. under on the other hand.. mt thinkprogress limbaugh what is it with all these over-educated white woman rock the vote twice today if you live in ohio presidential primaries blog contest cooker girl for the win at poll in west roxbury hyde park support for romney rt onradio2now 17 05 simon mayo drivetime a touch of tennessee for a tuesday - gretchen peters is live in session. ohio society of cpas searching for new leader ceo retiring - the busine voted for you here in ga ricksantorum . good luck today sir. rt mittisms the grandchild are praying for mitt every day. they re calling u they re sending u little notes. ann romney mi .. rolandsmartin special super tues recap 2 nite at howard u thehilltop tvonetv hbcudigestrt huffingtonpost when wa the moment you knew the art could move you rt yowan vote for liberty. vote to protect the constitution. vote to stop ndaa2012 and thepatriotact. vote to end the wars. vote ..any justification to expand the state is welcomed by politician lobbyist and special interest alike ronpaul supertuesday gopthe trek begin from my own private idaho.rt gthomse va is a must win for santorum. its where he lives. oh sorry rick youre not even on the ballot there. no organizational sk ..we re up and running - get your live bbc coverage of supertuesday right here  cnn piersmorgan no just everyone s judgert ofa_co find your location here mt cnewnews i ll be at wellington middle school in wellington tonight for ca ..traffic warning update our singer emily just got her temps. be careful northeast ohio rt devbost limbaugh to black caller take that bone out of your nose and call me back. but those probably weren t the word mitt wou ..rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. ..tennessee ron ramsey say two controversial local zoning bills.. most read by neighbor in springvalley chattanoogart espnnewyork michigan wolverines to play west virginia mountaineers next season in brooklyn  ashybee thatcher ohio oh aggravated murder charged for ohio school shooting suspect thomas lane what s the sentence via wordpressdotcomrt daveweigel rt dougsaunders constitutional monarchy. it lead to this. yes but democratic republicanism lead to palin boehner mitt clem_sux west virginia just scored again rt drudge_report here we go again obama move to aid syrian rebel .. rt usatoday happy 100th birthday oreo. celebrating centennial all year long rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman  lisamurkowski you really need to read those amendment before you vote for them azzhat. birth control for all especially teabaggers great moments in the romney campaign koran can you not ear the ungodly people running for president gingrich romney santorum and paul they do not believe in god allah.rt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers ann romney is another one who need a 7-second delay filter on her mouth. shutuprt stalkmytweetz tinie tempah dating bb beauty star georgia salpa grounded online rt huffingtonpost a chupacabras with wing and fang is being blamed for 35 sheep death in mexico didnt know that i wa on the back of the idaho state quarterokc police make arrest in connection with man s slaying oklahoma city police have made an arrest in connection to.. rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman presumably mitt romney is getting ready to either ask allen stanford for a campaign donation or talk about how hard life is for the rich.want it to be spring break already so i can go down to north carolina and get out of ohio.rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasrt newtgingrich voting or caucusing today visit to find your state. supertuesdayrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall  iam_seanbond romney obviously belief what rush say or he would call bain capital tell clearchannel to tone him down.rt grr_romney come to dogs against romney at tampa pet expo saturday march 10 from 10 30 am to 12 00 pm. meet the dogs.. ..rt motherjones what we have is mom raising child in single-parent household simply breeding more criminals. santorum 1994 htt ..i sent this video - gt to my email list.. withnewt 1million veteran military tcot tpp -- u can 2 newt gingrich on mar 06 2012 at 05 26 pm voting or caucusing today visit to find your st..  strange_musicst dmv- dc maryland virginia mittromney is so shady. ferreal.limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman via thinkprogressyeah we should just go make sandwich already rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman happy all of your friends extra won t shut up about ron paul tuesday everybody rt thecaucus super tuesday live coverage newt gingrich wa one of the first scholar to believe in the new world. state of arlington virginia vs. christopheroklahoma primary full elections results forty of oklahoma s delegate to the republican national convention are.. rt msredmama1 newtgingrich awsome go newtrt mickeleh ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran stick to comment on tree ..travel and explore alaska from home. of course thru the wires.. lol rt motherjones what we have is mom raising child in single-parent household simply breeding more criminals. santorum 1994 htt ..rt huffingtonpost survey americans think americans are the world s worst tourist rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman newt is the only one who will give our vet and men and woman in uniform what they need to do their job. go withnewt military defensert wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 ..how awesome would that be rt trscoop if santorum becomes president i hope he make newt his press secretary. i d tune in every dayrt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt lheron tonight broadcasting live from nytimes i ll be your social supertuesday anchor. tweet qs w asknyt  tommyhem_ yes i pissin do want it back haha georgia billingham or summin l aint seen her since ask jen to get for me palrt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman hasn t romney been runnin for office for six yearnewt is the only one who will give our vet and men and woman in uniform what they need to do their job. go withnewt military defense gop hoping for romney supertuesday win in mass. great moments in the romney campaign rt ronpaulrca2012 ron paul ron paul brings hope to our government rt newtgingrich danlederman great news we are adding delegate across the country bc of the dedication and support of citizen like ..romney s wife i don t consider myself to be wealthy she say with pearl shit hanging off her neck.rt huffingtonpost classic car overtaken by nature rt drudge_report pentagon develops robot that can run 18 mph.. rt lolgop mitt romney came into this primary the harlem globetrotters and came out the washington generals.rt huffingtonpost pandas drinking milk video i wonder if va will be a place to observe the full impact anti-romney vote.rt thinkprogress michelle bachmann play the victim the rhetoric is far worse against people who stand up for traditional marriage. ..rt sammiesmiles8 rt dickmorristweet who ha the best chance of defeating obama in nov vote hre let me know yr thought ..it s super tuesday. ann and i are voting in ma this afternoon. click here if you need to find your polling place  chucktodd has anyone ever heard buffett say our thought and prayer go out to.. new post super tuesday finally the nation look to north dakota spring preview offensive line ostate illustrated rivals oklahoma state loses three starter .. osu cowboyexcellent article will super tuesday reveal the true number of ronpaul supporter via dailypaulrt huffingtonpost watch dog sings the blue  kholguin did you choose romney because of his stellar policy or because of manewt ha 3 face how can he be conservative in 1994 and socialist in 2007 and you believe him 2012. ohprimary tn ok rt gaformitt polls are officially open in ga. get out there and vote for mittromney gagop gapol mitt2012all eye on supertuesday but is focus on romney santorum gingrich missing fact that superpacs are real winner rt washingtonpost navy plan to place breathalyzer on all it ship and sub rt washingtonpost good news for traveler overhead bin on us flight are getting bigger daily kos ex-mossad director say mitt romney making the situation worse in iran - mitt romney isn t even.. rt ohsuzyqz the truth newt gingrich this amazing video must be shared plz. withnewt supertuesday newtging ..rt cpate00 oklahoma wind is something serious..music to vote to ronpaul ronpaul2012 liberty bandpagert thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt chrisbrownzone chris brown posing with a female fan in virginia rt  jaketapper edhenrytv don t let the potus fillabuster answer to waste time. abroadwaycritic favorite movie musical bar none is singin in the rain. also very fond of oklahoma funny girl pajama game lil abner.rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..super tuesday meh. via washingtonpostromney santorum paul gingrich where they stand now on education  bostonrandy open primary in ohio. you only have to declare a party when you request a primary election ballot.rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt huffingtonpost watch dog sings the blue rt txstudents4newt newt is the only one who will give our vet and men and woman in uniform what they need to do their job. go withn ..rt adamblenford we re up and running - get your live bbc coverage of supertuesday right here in his 1994 debate with kennedy romney refused to endorse the contract with america i just voted for pollard s chicken a best chicken in virginia beach. cast your vote now bestofhr war is never economically beneficial except for those in position to profit from war expenditure ronpaul supertuesday gop2012 vaprimaryrt lisa_sherman77 ajc report on newt gingrich campaign from gwinnettchamber this morning gwinnett supertu ..rt time tree lobster have been rediscovered in australia via timenewsfeed rt thedailybeast rt dailybeasttv jon stewart eviscerates rush limbaugh s attack on contraception. watch  itsamaslowthing columbus ohiobut if romney win big tonight i cant imagine funding wont dry up. how many chance are donor gonna give these guy no matter how well intentioned an authoritarian government always abuse it powers. ron paul  ron paul in idaho--great leader teacher eonomist presidential candidate  news super tuesday win could rest in ohio tennessee columbus ohio cnn for former rt mittromney it s super tuesday. ann and i are voting in ma this afternoon. click here if you need to find your polling place .. laurenm well that s one way to beat scott brown.. just get all your liberal friend to move to massachusetts.i m at citizens bank central square 689 massachusetts ave temple st cambridge rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman lest we forget santorum once wanted to deny welfare coverage to single mom claimed they voted dem for welfare . rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt theyoungturks hr347 - trespass bill threatens first amendment oslc ows tcot freespeechi need to find a college in ohio that offer a genetics summer course  emma_louiseyyc weston vermont vt  uncorkvirginia the skinny on sparkling wine - and where to find some in virginia. vawine trump blanc de blanc  goldrushgreg finish this sentence. in gold rush season 3 todd hoffman from gold rush alaska will .. eat his dadrt hollyfrew newt gingrich staking his claim on georgia. supertuesday 3630 peachtree  twitterpoll who will be the gop nominee romeny santorum paul or gingrich.. owillis markos mlcalderone no angry white woman adage but anne coulter blow that. michelle ha fine grace romney is beneath herrt nytimes tonight watch supertuesday video coverage broadcast live from the nytimes newsroom  moneycontrol romney santorum square off in super tuesday battle my prediction is santorum take oklahoma. not that i ve seen any poll but that s just something ok would do. gop2012rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gasformer memphis melrose and tennessee signee chris jones is panhandle poy for nw florida. last freshman to win this award chris porter ..rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman off to vote for mitt in ma..perhaps futile but at least participatory extra credit in the school of life chazzy_starrt aburnspolitico coulda been a steinbrenner-funded c 4 rt capitolwatch rob simmons named new chairman of the yankee institute. ctp ..rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman im excited but and sad at the same time ugh i have a job waiting on me..but it in tennessee what should i do. helpfor the record here s romney s usat 2009 op-ed on health care reform where he cite tax penalties. rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt riveragasm who s gonna watch me and georgia aka colferliciouss on saturday on livestream it s supertuesday go vote rt rickklein jimheathonn i defer to you on ohprimary matters. happy super tuesday this is only going to be supertuesday for me if i get a nap in later.romney and santorum are running almost equally well versus obama news conservative jeffreyhandersonrt thehill cantor hoyer look to speed sale of f-35 aircraft to israel israel militaryrt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt ruidopolitico superpaul a glorious day ronpaul r3volution restoreamericanow gop tcot teaparty teamronpaul liberty super .. nytimes pakistan gt gt coruptrulingelite treacherously suportingagnda of it s foreignmasters army loosingballs nation waiting 4 godotsantorum is losing the catholic vote to romney but is counting on the pro-rapist-parent vote to push him over the top. dmcgill10 lol iain in texas im in ohio im going home tomorrow importance of georgia s primary on super tuesday newstaco via thenewstacort defeatromney in his 1994 debate with kennedy romney refused to endorse the contract with america rt kaskade i need to do more show in ohio they have a lot of delegates. mitt romney fundraising team turn to shallow pocket via latimes gspmgwu ny cops man daughter caught with pot-laced candy coxsackie n.y. ap a 48-year-old massachusetts man and h.. change your profile picture to ron paul if you support him show the world who is winning via networking. rt umichbball michigan will play west virginia on december 15 2012 at the soon-to-be-opened barclays center in ny. ..give peace a chance ronpaul rt richardtrumka it s funny i keep hearing ricksantorum is in the pocket of big labor just checked again but still no sign of himrt mittromney it s super tuesday. ann and i are voting in ma this afternoon. click here if you need to find your polling place .. megwatzke tracy city tennessee tn rt smartpeople4ron ronpaul cite conversation with tim tebow.. via dailypaulohio collective bargaining battle boosting obama leaves shadow over gop via huffingtonpost 2012rt nucleonic rick perry newt s the real deal - youtube  super tuesday a long a santorum doesn t win we don t like him in the netherlands s1 it solutions wins competitive leadership award at 2012 ibm conference boise idaho march 6 2012 prnewswir.. obligatory super tuesday tweet. yay supertuesday ricksantorum you are a criminal of the worst kind.rt huffingtonpost how celebrity measure up on google infographic update oklahoma city police say suspicious briefcase is safe from staff reports oklahoma city police and bomb ..  dennis_kucinich please everyone in ohio get out votekucinich today we need to keep what little sanity we have in congress owslimbaugh and santorum are on the same page about education. must keep people stupid so they don t realize how stupid we are  daveweigel we ve tried can you use a crappy cell in a crowded room or a skype that sound like you re in a bucket doesn t sound a good. ricksantorum stolen idea fable that dont reflect your record.prep baseball report ohio q a with zach leonatti about his commitment to ohio northern via addthisher husband is worth millions but you don t consider yourself wealthy. get out of here ann romney and take your robotic husband with you temthe3rd you are a moron if you refrain if you like opression then go ahead but if you really want to be fee vote ron paul _jamesdawson willam is evil personified. dragrace not possible.. have you met newt gingrich that bitch is bloated with evil rt rolandsmartin statement by the president on the passing of congressman donald payne - rt alexqgb the romney family misspells it own name in the world s most epic freudian slip. baseball drops two of three over the weekend takes on jmu today the great blog of virginia the h.. uva cavsdilemma vote in dem judge election to help keep good but pretty safe local judge or vote in gop primary to help slow down mitt supertuesrt 500days0fbeth i want to be georgia jagger pls thx x x xrt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt britbrowne this right here cut the joke  daveweigel it often is. had to buy a new book once all they did wa rearrange the chaptersthere s baby bath water story in here somewherert drudge_report group sue for michelle obama vacation records.. rt mittromney it s super tuesday. ann and i are voting in ma this afternoon. click here if you need to find your polling place ..rt thedailybeast the gop s rush limbaugh problem deepens after his slut attack rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman a 29 yr old bird from oklahoma just replied to a 18 yr old dude in florida looks like they re getting along rt stonerjesus420 six romney family members hit campaign trail for ron paul - ronpaul2012rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..rt thewritertype supertuesday challenge. if the 4 republican candidate were trapped in a fire and you could save just one of them.. .. time pakistan gt gt coruptrulingelite treacherously suportingagnda of it s foreignmasters army loosingballs nation waiting 4 godot mittromney just voted for you romney2012rt thefix neil young jimmy fallon and springsteen cover sexy and i know it . if this isn t the greatest thing it s close. .. thinkprogress i know it s a bitch when we can see right though soulless woman-hating pig right video ron paul the outside chance rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman i hate ohio weatheri added a video to a youtube playlist from ronpaulcom ron paul restore the american repurt americaformitt toledo please get out and vote 4 mitt he need your support please unite gop behind romney nobamatoday for me wa like being rode hard and put away wet. supertuesdayrt blogbat all that s keeping u from becoming energy independent is a lack of political will to do so. -- newtgingrich 250gas wi ..bond denied for virginia beach woman accused of running over father and three kid rt visioneresearch online conversation predict that mitt romney will win supertuesday  mattmaniws what the hell is up with your state  timtebow thanks for having courage to speak up in support of ron paul please continue to spread the message of freedom  alaska musher aliy zirkle leading iditarod anchorage rohnbatumelebi report that georgia orthodox church held a warning mass against building the azizie mosque in batumi. warning extreme cuteness rt huffingtonpost pandas drinking milk video  jonathanstein4 that s not a wise idea-- santorum is ahead of newt newt just like to demand things..bossy guy who s disloyal.rt nbcnews government agency college demanding full access to applicant facebook account rt txstudents4newt great sound bite by newt on wbap247news during news break. withnewt tcot teaparty supertuesdayrick santorum may be the closest one if anybody but he won t get it either teamobamart nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread rick santorum ha always been candyland crazy. here s a quick snapshot from the past of his lord high nuttiness. did you vote the ohio primary election is today. get the info from rockthevote here  thinkprogress you can be over-educated damn. i must really be a whore then. havedegrees knowtoomuchrt mittromney it s super tuesday. ann and i are voting in ma this afternoon. click here if you need to find your polling place ..the war within a portrait of virginia woolf - screening in the field of english literature on 14 march 2012 18 .. rt thefix neil young jimmy fallon and springsteen cover sexy and i know it . if this isn t the greatest thing it s close. ..i dislike both santorum and romney. they both seem bad for america..scenes from super tuesday the final push one woman worry about her romney vote santorum strong in at least one o rt nytimes the 6th floor blog linsanity design winner romney or paul i just don t know gottamakeadecisionby4rt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..rt thefix rich kid for mitt romney. so good rt ronpaulrt rt samisharpp everyone go vote ron paul today ronpaul ronpaul ronpaul niallspo_tatoes burbank ohio oh rt huffingtonpost watch dog sings the blue rt time must-read link for your lunch break via timenewsfeed  ronmwangaguhung romenesko if he think she that big how doe he draw rush or newt newt news march 5 2012 super tuesday switch newt gingrich s tennessee campaign co-chairman stacey campfield now back rick santorumrt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman fingers crossed for rick santorum. he s emerged deep from the field. knew he could do it even with lack of fund mtodd is it illegal to not have insurance in ga is this health insurance massachusetts ha the same policy and i think it is invasivegood morning georgia s girl handbags llc is happy to announce that we are now available on twitter check us out georgiasgirllc - fbrt mittromney it s super tuesday. ann and i are voting in ma this afternoon. click here if you need to find your polling place ..massachusetts dems urge brown to come out for marriage equality  mittromney are u gonna vote for yourself lolgreat republic cherished sound money this meant that the monetary unit wa a commodity of honest weight purity ronpaul supertuesdayrt thedemocrats new poll show romney s image is currently worse than recent candidate who went on to win a presidential nomination. ..rt chiddybang new interview up on thedailybeast ohio senate bill offers male lawmakers a taste of their own medicine via tpmrt theplumlinegs gop senator admits voter see current fight a battle over contraception not religious liberty rt swiftread supertuesday rush war republic read romney obama married in economic demise gaprimary okp .. icanhasbailout ronpaul love totalitarianism a long a it imposed from external sources.rt huffingtonpost watch dog sings the blue  boibrandon university heights ohio oh a m frosh kamaria brown featured in idaho statesman today in preview of ncaa indoor this weekend in nampa. link  presidentsanti newt he can run the country abroad and domestically but i like rp s domestic policy for obvious reason hahavirginia isn t for lover it s for spiteful driverrt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman cbs news karen santorum s revealing look at her husband. the left hit romney over lying about individual mandate v trscoop tcotrt msn700wlw ricksantorum you have my vote supertuesdayrt dailypaul ron paul get endorsement from 5 member of romney s family ronpaul2012rt motherjones what we have is mom raising child in single-parent household simply breeding more criminals. santorumktvb according to the state gop office ron paul is the only republican candidate w a physical campaign office in super tues battleground.rt devbost limbaugh to black caller take that bone out of your nose and call me back. but those probably weren t the word mitt wou ..rt bostondotcom mitt romney tell pro-israel group he would not hesitate to attack iran if president massachusetts dems urge brown to come out for marriage equality usa election song ronpaul you re the best man for the job via dailypaulfinding more reason of why i shouldn t had come . alaska doe the most with thing that are of weak quality.cbs news karen santorum s revealing look at her husband. v trscoop tcotcan someone who is able to vote today vote for not-santorum for me please rt drudge_report here we go again obama move to aid syrian rebel .. rt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. rt tdn_magazine recipe of the day - honey-dijon alaska salmon with asparagus and walnuts i got to discus alaska s presidential preference poll on wnyc s brian lehrer show this morning .. congrats to lipscomb university volleyball honored yesterday in the tennessee senate the left hit romney over lying about individual mandate tn s voting is complicated but i like that i can spread my delegate out over huntsman paul romney. now i don t feel like a sellout.rt mittromney it s super tuesday. ann and i are voting in ma this afternoon. click here if you need to find your polling place .. theplumlinegs duh especially u over-educated woman  nspecho9 chatta tennessee tn  newtgingrich sorry newt. support you here in va even though you weren t on the ballot.massachusetts dems urge brown to come out for marriage equality i bet the cross section of people equally excited for me3 launch and supertuesday is pretty damn small. layercakeofnerdrt drudge_report winner of 336 million lottery jackpot is 81-year-old woman.. rt ktumulty super tuesday meh. via washingtonposttoday i cast my vote for liberty. did you ronpaul2012 ronpaul ronpaulrevolution go get that sticker it s one of the greatest freedom we have make sure your voice is heard ronpaul a 27 yr old guy from california just replied to a 19 yr old grrl in tennessee looks like they re getting along i just voted for aldo s ristorante a best fine dining in virginia beach. cast your vote now bestofhr rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rider files new virginia law bar motorcycle-only checkpoint  dailyholden headed to the poles.. precinct 4 cast your vote supertuesdayrt saint_obama i just donated 10 to the newtgingrich campaign in support of the 1million for newt campaign. ..governor romney is failing to make the grade using tax money for his party s thingsthatpissgirlsoff ronpaul lawrt wsj videogames change your brain often for the better. gamers are faster decision maker better multitaskers i do like ron paul though he seems sincere and want to really get america back on track. the other three.. where do i start smdhrt glennbeck rt gbtv what s newt gingrich going to do if today doesn t go so well supertuesday gbtv sjrt wow_va never dreamed i d be protesting for woman s right in 2012 in virginia waronwomen prochoicefor supertuesday read.. stupid tuesdayrt theplumlinegs if centrist compromise is no longer possible in washington maybe this ha something to do with it ..ann romney s defender think her word were twisted. if she d have answered the fucking question asked she wouldn t have this problem. christinascali ohio doesnt get oxygen so i cant watch im so upset i might cry. hey do you know my sister mimi pinciotti iloveteamchrissyrt wsj a 30 bag of raw popcorn could be worth 3k to movie theaters. class action filed against amc over concession price ..nyt the caucus hope is not a foreign policy romney says rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..rt motherjones what we have is mom raising child in single-parent household simply breeding more criminals. santorum 1994 htt ..rt floridagordon romney wrong again. pres barackobama ha provided immediate assistance 2 israel in time of need ..journalism news super tuesday mitt romney and rick santorum fight to the wire live - the guardian  mittromney good luck mitt we ll be voting for you in acton my home state. c mon sen. brown tpequality massachusetts dems urge brown to come out for marriage equality - lgbt nhpc calls for virginia to expedite energy efficiency programs - sacramento bee rt huffingtonpost 81-year-old sleep with lottery ticket in bible win 336 million jackpot rt cnnbrk lulzsec hacker arrested source says. photos of mitt romney volunteer working the phone last night in virginia for supertuesday for tbdrt nytimes tonight watch supertuesday video coverage broadcast live from the nytimes newsroom qotd - will today be super or doe the expected play out and romney trump all comer rt thinkprogress breaking five more company pull ad from rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 20 advertiser overall. ..romney on rush 20 reason why not to vote for ron paul on super tuesday if you re a liberal thx to alizardx for finding this rt nbcnews as gop battle voter confidence in obama continues to improve via nbcfirstread rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. sr. airworthiness inspector - inconen corporation savannah georgia we are conducting a search for an airworthiness .. rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman update oklahoma city police say suspicious briefcase is safe from staff reports oklahoma city police and bomb .. rt lifeis2art owillis markos mlcalderone no angry white woman adage but anne coulter blow that. michelle ha fine grace romney ..mr prez will we or will we not do all militarily possible to stop iran and it nuclear goal when barackobama rush romney tcot newt paulbegala alexcast cnn suzannemalveaux can be grilling. rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt mittromney it s super tuesday. ann and i are voting in ma this afternoon. click here if you need to find your polling place .. mittromney i know that hair will be perfect for all the photo ops aquanet2012rt andywendt rt pudgie0717 rt newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservativ ..i m at new american mortgage 841 seahwak circle virginia beach  up_in_smoke edwinajune please unite behind mitt we cannot afford another 5 year of obamamost important thing you can do before you vote is to pray seek god s guidance vote your convictions. tn gop2012 ga oh ohio teaparty thedailybeast will the gopmoderates please speak stand up gop waronwomen islamophobia homophobia lgbt marriageequality gopfail marcsea great job p ha let me know when you re not working so we can chill..i m moving to virginia rt lewrockwell 2 400 herald ron paul in idaho falls thanks to travis holte tcot ronpaulmitt romney is a crook. don t vote for him. thedailybeast dems and msm will fail in trying to take down rush. istandwithrush.today is the day.. i am excited and also nervous please ohio vote your instinct ignore medium lie we need that win ricksantorum gameoni m at moe s southwest grill 1551 niagara falls blvd romney dr amherst rt huffingtonpost watch dog sings the blue bioportfolio news national veterans creative arts festival set for massachusetts more than 30.. bioportfolio newsrt glennbeck rt gbtv what s newt gingrich going to do if today doesn t go so well supertuesday gbtv sjrt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman time to choose via addthis newt is my guy. he is the only one who ha been there done that we need a tough leaderrt wsj an ak jury found a man guilty of murder but the conviction wa thrown out. a juror had been tweeting during the trial. ..rt yugiohtas sorry but rick santorum sound like a bad sci-fi villain name. maybe he d be more effective a one.a relative of mine voted for santorum in ohio. why must you prolong this election get out and vote ronpaul tnprimary idcaucus akcaucus gaprimary okprimary gop2012 gop tcot teaparty liberty election2012tennessee air guard airplane on display at centennial park in nashville photo  lindsjaye excellent choice linds ronpaul newtgingrich newt 2012 rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total.  pete_rizzo_ i don t think newtgingrich ha ever done anything humbly. green donors bet romney is faking his new climate change views and will flip flop back if elected p2mitt ann romney will vote in ma later this afternoon. the romney s have lived in ma for 40 years.rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman  wogsland oh so do i. my point is that unless we come up with an effective alternative we ll lose.rt stonerjesus420 six romney family members hit campaign trail for ron paul - ronpaul2012rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman newt gingrich to receive secret service protection.  thinkprogress aka gee how dare these womenfolk get all edumacatedrt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman i know right rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman hospitality customer service representative - murfreesboro tennessee jobtoday is your day ronpaulgreen donors bet romney is faking his new climate change views and will flip flop back if elected rt motherjones what we have is mom raising child in single-parent household simply breeding more criminals. santorum 1994 htt ..rt huffingtonpost watch dog sings the blue  k_hannings until you can hit the office here s our supertuesday trailer to keep you entertained rt politicalticker issues weigh on the mind of voter in ohio rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ..world escort 411 search escorts escort agencies masseuses call girls courtesans hobbyists in massachusetts  cbsatl wrblnews3 is georgia gop county chairman stepping on 15th amendment constitutional right of party member  thinkprogress limbaugh work just like sarah palin if we ignore them they will go away.run for the hill headline brown bear in alaska seen using tool rt thedemocrats romney s making flat-out dishonest statement about the president s record and position on iran. here are the fact ..locked up in a 3 day leadership training program at georgia tech.say what now of the day - say what now of the day speaking with fox news s neil cavuto yesterday mitt romney.. rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman free live slightlystoopid cd to start my day. it is a supertuesday indeedrt rogerdodger32 excellent article will super tuesday reveal the true number of ronpaul supporter via dailypaul yankingeorgia ericcantor is a heavy hitter. but i ll tell ya yank sometimes i wish mittromney had his head in the game a little more. romney on mandate a a model.mp4 via youtube mwickiser too bad santorum doesn t hate the sin of gluttony instead of his other sin fetishes.rt thedemocrats new poll show romney s image is currently worse than recent candidate who went on to win a presidential nomination. .. shanehopson disillusioned with their party and he s socially liberal. ron paul and libertarianism are gaining ton of young new followers.rt theyoungturks michael moore hits rushlimbaugh with bitch tweet mediaite mmflint rushrt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt wepickrick nashville the co-chairman of newt gingrich s tennessee campaign changed his allegiance saturday to rick.. ..green donors bet romney is faking his new climate change views and will flip flop back if elected  owillis an 11 062-square foot house doesn t necessarily make one feel wealthy rt mittromney it s super tuesday. ann and i are voting in ma this afternoon. click here if you need to find your polling place ..rt foxnews . fxnscitech exclusive unmasking the world s most wanted hacker lulzsec anonymousyour decision vote liberty ronpaul superpaul supertuesdayrt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. a 39 yr old dame from virginia just replied to a 39 yr old fellow in virginia looks like they re getting along  politicprophet if can t handle ballot situation how can santorum multitask preaching foreign affair economy etc a pres mitt2012rt senjohnmccain dear vlad surprise surprise you won. the russian people are cry too rt ofa_la while every gop candidate ha pledged to repeal health reform it s helping louisianans every day. rt thehill cantor hoyer look to speed sale of f-35 aircraft to israel israel military mittromney good luck lt 3rt flinnflon excellent. who said it mitt romney or mr. burns proud to vote for mittromney in ohio s primary today believeinamerica obamaisntworkingrt msnbc rhode island woman 81 win powerball 336 million oh wait except for ron paul. he doesn t make me rage-y. he s precious even when he s wrong.rt secondchronicle santorum at aipac if iran doesn t get rid of nuclear facilities we ll tear them down ourselves michigan west virginia to face off in brooklyn michigan will play west virginia on dec. 15 a a part of the inaugural brooklyn hoop..sarah palin pal gingrich calling hillary clinton a bitch since 1995. rush limbaugh approves. palin sandraflukewhy am i soo excited about work today welp supertuesday staytuned abc27hdrt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman actually mock himself. rt thedailybeast newt 2.50 gingrich mocks obama cheatsheetmichigan west virginia to face off in brooklyn espn collegesportsrt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. yikes view audience member vomit during live show rt politicalticker join the super tuesday roundtable  jeffsharlet the bsg cylons acted a lot more human than romney is acting..i think they d disassociate themselves from him too rt nytimes tonight watch supertuesday video coverage broadcast live from the nytimes newsroom rt thinkprogress advertiser revolt 2 more company drop rush limbaugh. he s now lost 26 advertiser overall rt catholiclisa ricksantorum i urge you to support me a the one true conservative in this race. thank you. rt mediaite barbara bush swats away bolling s concerns on romney s flip-flops don t talk about that video or is ronpaul also for secrecy bout us army fails atrocity 2 be publicly dealt with wikileaks usarmy usa ows wikileaks anonymousrt catholiclisa ricksantorum i urge you to support me a the one true conservative in this race. thank you. fb nomorerinos wepickricki m venturing out by moving to oklahoma and you are staying here with the same people and you say i made the mistake. letsbehonesthe s from vermont or some shirt lolrt blogbat supertuesday one of the worst governor in us history a failed senator vs. america s most successful house speaker. go ..rt ezraklein young woman who had access to the pill in the 60 earned 8 percent more at age 50 than those who didn t rt pieterhilhorst romney s family misspells his name in greatest freudian slip in history. politiekejunkies via dochter sacha. ..gas price hypocrisy newt 2.50 gas 250gas newt2012hq tcot veteran supertuesday teaparty 4all2crt educationmn romney santorum paul gingrich where they stand now on education rt americaformitt toledo please get out and vote 4 mitt he need your support please unite gop behind romney nobamart aascupolicy oh websites aid student in comparing college ohio highered collegescorecardpundits on tv seem to think if romney take oh and tn that this game is over. makes me wonder if il will still get a chance to play a role.rt aggietrk a m frosh kamaria brown featured in idaho statesman today in preview of ncaa indoor this weekend in nampa. link ..rt rpt62960 is 7.25 an hour a fair wage think mitt care rt rockwithbeck newtgingrich life in - virgina - pay no tax in -- georgia -- doe not support our local - economy - he did not ge ..rt mittromney it s super tuesday. ann and i are voting in ma this afternoon. click here if you need to find your polling place ..rt dacw10 newt ha 3 face how can he be conservative in 1994 and socialist in 2007 and you believe him 2012. ohprimary tn ok ..rt rogerdodger32 excellent article will super tuesday reveal the true number of ronpaul supporter via dailypaulrt motherjones what we have is mom raising child in single-parent household simply breeding more criminals. santorum 1994 htt ..rt mittisms this scapegoating is a highly destructive tendency. mitt romney on obama blaming insurance company others ..well i guess that mini unofficial twitterview just validated what i ve been cooking today. off to bed now dahil lapit na ang supertuesday rt usatoday one killed in meth lab fire at nursing home rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt nbcnews 336 million rhode island woman 81 win powerball rt realdonaldtrump today will be a super tuesday for mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegate from state across every region. he ..rt rogerdodger32 usa election song ronpaul you re the best man for the job via dailypaulrt theplumlinegs if centrist compromise is no longer possible in washington maybe this ha something to do with it ..rt washingtonpost report forget the ipad 3 it s the ipad hd  dcseth think progress  supertuesday have you voted yet ranger baseball travel to millington today to play sw tennessee at 3 p.m. live stats and live audio maybe video will be available.rt marymauldin oklahoma s own jc watts vote for newt on march 6 video withnewt 250gas newtgingrichlike what rt mslee1223 true rt mr1738 but we share a lot of slang with tennessee niggart cnni brazilian land vote spark fear for future of the rainforest rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman 2 cents tuesday poll this supertuesday what s the number one issue that you d like to influence in the candidate education platform  ohio loom large on super tuesday. can romney increase his delegate lead -  txstudents4newt that s nonsense clearly you know nothing of ron paul. whoever told you such thing wa lying to you.rt texans4ronpaul one prediction. some kind of vote fraud or suppressing of vote in nd. always happens in the state ron paul doe we ..rt tradethecycles gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt newt s surging get out and vote for super newt on super tuesday ..today in 10 state fan of fantasy genre gather to pick the storyteller with most lavish imagination. supertuesdayrt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. romney santorum deadlocked in ohio tennessee politics  shop_uniao claiborne county tennessee tn  religiousfreedom supertuesday read romney obama married in economic demise liberty ohprimary onn oh rushrt johnt92692 newtgingrich i m encouraging all my fellow ga friends patriots to go and support newt today we need a strong leader ..rt ktsearlebear just listened to mitt romney here in idaho falls idaho he sure sound presidential to me mittromney idgoprt mittromney it s super tuesday. ann and i are voting in ma this afternoon. click here if you need to find your polling place ..rt lolgop dow down on news that mitt romney s super pac will be able to take a break in spending ridiculous amount of money to be clo ..rt mittromney it s super tuesday. ann and i are voting in ma this afternoon. click here if you need to find your polling place ..if you re examining your navel the economy is tops. if you re looking to the horizon liberty is what you fear for most. ronpaul for future supertuesday politics and shitrt mittromney it s super tuesday. ann and i are voting in ma this afternoon. click here if you need to find your polling place ..can you imagine thinkprogress if anybody said the same about over-educated white men and is over-educated code for elitist rt nytimes lulzsec hacking suspects are arrested rt txstudents4newt supertuesday one of the worst governor in us history a failed senator vs. america s most successful house speak ..who needs colbert ann romney is talking awkwardly about money now too - politics - the atlantic wire  ron paul brings hope to our government potus politicsrt mstatesports in starkville and free after lunch get your fanny over to aj pitts tennis centre and support mstatemt a they take o ..rt allbeckyb politicprophet if can t handle ballot situation how can santorum multitask preaching foreign affair economy etc a p ..i just voted for fire vine a best lunch in virginia beach. cast your vote now bestofhr ann romney i dont consider myself to be wealthy wasn t it supposed to be 80 degree with snow shower and accumulation or maybe there will be a tornado when it s 20 degrees.. ohio.wow some high schoolers on ron paul dick so hard you fuck can t even vote..so what if you met him..yall are dumb a fuck.rt trscoop the left hit romney over lying about individual mandate rt politicprophet i cannot wait until romney take alaska i hope he sends sarah palin a thank you card.rt wsj the average bonus in ny s financial industry this year wa slashed 14 . wall street profit fell more than 50 in 2011 ..rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman rt mittromney it s super tuesday. ann and i are voting in ma this afternoon. click here if you need to find your polling place ..vote today the most important thing you can do. to find out your location in massachusetts visit vote mrpolo410 i support newtgingrich but will rally behind gop nominee whoever he turn out 2 b.support doesn t mean i m not critical.great lamp found for cabin goodwill of north georgia haha businessinsider gingrich isn t voting today because his campaign was too disorganized to be on the ballot by rt yowan war is never economically beneficial except for those in position to profit from war expenditure ronpaul supertuesday gop ..i am live-chatting about super tuesday at 8 pm tonight. got a question send to askthefix. rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. ohio school rampage victim mourned ohio school rampage victim mourned is a post from indian4ever ohio school r.. disappointed in my neighborhood h.p. rt globemetro at poll in west roxbury hyde park support for romney - rt newtpotus newt need volunteers no managed decay no to the establishment join today withnewt onemillionf ..rt newtgingrich voting or caucusing today visit to find your state. supertuesdayrt cnnbrk 35 killed in syria a regime attack escape route to lebanon opposition says. rt bruceciskie most consecutive final five appearance current streak only north dakota 9 denver 4 umd 3.time to choose- our crossroad our choice 60 withnewt teapartywhen money wa sound civilization were found to be more prosperous and freedom thrived ronpaul supertuesday gopremember to re-register rt newtgingrich voting or caucusing today visit to find your state. supertuesdayparents of teen who died texting and driving kids think they re invincible . family is pushing for idaho texting law.  thinkprogress here s ur moment of zenrt osidejt proudly cast my vote in today s va primary for mitt romney the next president of the united states mitt2012 supertuesday newtgingrich danlederman ashewhole newt your reply just made me feel better cause i just saw something scary online you rock rt andrewkroll . ricksantorum in 94 single mom are breeding more criminal wrecking the fabric of the country ..rt iaindale rt charlieseawolf looking forward to joining iaindale on lbc973 frm 8-9 2nite on supertuesday and eventual 2012 elec ..rt treehugger mitt romney lt 3 the keystone xl pipeline romneyrt mstoragedepot need a job in columbus ohio we have an asst. manager outreach position open. contact olivia at omontell thesterling ..also i think santorum and gingrich gonna cannibalize each other in those state if both in it making it impossible to get sustain big mo josh_vs_smiley my london ohio ain t that far from columbus only like 20 minute from columbus it s country a damn out herert defeatromney in his 1994 debate with kennedy romney refused to endorse the contract with america google news ronpaul why ron paul polls better than mitt romney - slate magazine blog rt teapartycat rick santorum say it gut-check time and he s right-- if you re not voting for santorum then you re voting for satan. helenana_ omg i remember and you were like i love gee gee georgia this article made my day. gingrich won t vote in virginia primary supertuesday goprt theprospect when do reporters start calling mitt romney a liar because he s been lying quite a lot.democrats pound romney for sotomayor jab oklahoma for spring break.. men s basketball kj finalist for wooden award msnsportsnet west virginia s kevin jones is one of 15 fin.. wvuworth noting. the final poll from ohio had mitt up 4 .a double minded man is unstable in all his way - james 1 8 we don t need an unstable man like mittromney a our nominee. tcot withnewtrt ofa_oh for dawn the biggest reason she ll be supporting barackobama is simple he bet on ohio workers. obama2012rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman mason mingus focused on helping win-tron racing wrestle mobile field brentwood tennessee native mason mingus m.. rt yowan the best way to protect our country and reduce spending is to stop the war and bring our troop home. gop2012 supertuesda .. romneytruth mormons believe romney is conservative because the church ha told them he is cont  chucktodd u say gop candidate don t appeal to suburb woman and mexicans but what do dems do for severely rich white men  true rt acreveling ann romney saying she s not wealthy is akin to kim kardashian saying she s not an attention whore.rt drudge_report ingraham when i was called a slut barbara walters kind of laughed it off .. rt mittisms frankly rick santorum and newt gingrich were a big part of the we that spent too much borrowed too much and earmarked ..rt mittromney it s super tuesday. ann and i are voting in ma this afternoon. click here if you need to find your polling place ..who s standing now theresa fr oregon angela fr nz cathy fr ohio maire fr ireland.. join u rt mittromney it s super tuesday. ann and i are voting in ma this afternoon. click here if you need to find your polling place ..rt motherjones what we have is mom raising child in single-parent household simply breeding more criminals. santorum 1994 htt ..rt boldfreshjew i m in oh just voted for you rt newtgingrich voting or caucusing today visit to find your st ..rt theplumlinegs rt thinkprogress breaking four more company drop rush limbaugh show. rush ha now lost 24 company total. .. drudge_report we were just saved from the worst depression right why doe he spend so much when we owe and have to barrow rt tgnoble newtgingrich supertuesday is here i humbly ask for your vote today for the bold reagan conservative. tcot 250gas  tiffanyvu11 voted 4 paul but i m solidly behind newt. god know we need a change.. jimthey need to just start the romney love fest now. let s get it over with. sheesh.the gang of four starring rick santorum newt gingrich greed power influence peddlers in the 1990 s zzsantorum mittromney i will vote for you a long a you follow me jk i already voted for you best of luck today governor google news ronpaul ron paul fears overblown but for u to tell israel what to do i just got home from pigeonforge in tennessee love it there google news ronpaul ron paul head for super tuesday delegate haul in fertile idaho - the end the wars endthefed repeal thepatriotact and ndaa2012 restore the constitution vote ronpaul gop2012 ronpaul2012 supertuesdayrt huffingtonpost watch dog sings the blue  glennbeck gbtv he ll stay in the race. newt is in this for himself not for the conservative movement and for the country. philipaklein while iran h pub stated tht w nuclear weapon wd destroy israel. santorum s rt on w foreign policy. i se t lk harper nobrainrowner financing no bank qualifying plano - park ohio 17900 4bd 2400sqft  podgemonella bootifulbieber and the sexy georgia sorry pudding  nbcnews pakistan gt gt coruptrulingelite treacherously suportingagnda of it s foreignmasters army loosingballs nation waiting4 godot ilirijanr agreed. without electing any of those fools. gopfail supertuesdayrt oritsklar rt andreamsaul watch full clip of ann romney discussing battle w ms new low for dnc melaniedncan election year is so much easier when you already know who you re voting for. obama supertuesday willhughes44 been called up to england u17s for the qualifier in georgia buzzin cantwait gt well done coyrrt mittromney it s super tuesday. ann and i are voting in ma this afternoon. click here if you need to find your polling place .. grizzly expert mauled to death by bear - by laura zuckerman salmon idaho march 5 reuters - a man killed by a g..  politicalticker nope it ended a little while ago.rt thinkprogress limbaugh just now what is it with all these over-educated white woman 11 advertisers flee rush limbaugh pro-gingrich super pac stays online medium giant aol tax attorney group tax .. rt paulaabdul first thing that came to my mind this morning wa a 4 letter word vote happy election day xoxop election2012rt duckin_fope shut the fuck up.. rt mittromney a brighter future is out there waiting for us. let s choose it today. ..four more year obama2012 cspan radio in washington voter call in to say why they voted. baltimore republican say he s voting for obama for value election2012rt fratcollection election day pocket now available at romneyryan2012 please rt for chance to win thanks. ht ..rt aikishaholly and you re not voting for president barackobama on race. so what s the difference rt codydesero aikishaholly you r ..coming up today on air with ryan seacrest.. the president of the united states barackobama is coming up.. rt shannonsteidl front page of ny post today lnyhbt romneyryan2012 rt ronniejordan anybody who s ever gotten financial aid for college should be voting for obama2012rt realalexjones free live video stream today guests davidicke mrbelzer starting 11amct puppetpres election2012 obama and romney where they stand on the issue - election2012no worry though 30 minute one phone call and a form later i voted for the first time america romneyryan2012 rt realpatburrell vote pat burrell for president election2012rt utcrepublicans go out and exercise your right a an american lets make out country prosperous once more romneyryan2012let s hear your voice who is your vote going to this election 2012 vote romney obama johnson presidentis your hatred for obama so blinding that you re willing to vote for a man like this obama2012rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt lexilexiloulou i think it s best to stay off of social networking site today before i lose it on disgusting republican obama2012great spirit have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. -albert einstein obama2012rt chrisrbarron rt twiloguy73 gaywars yes gay and i voted for romneyryan2012 my boyfriend s gay too and he voted for mitt. goproudi wa forced to vote a provisional ballot and told i probably wasn t really registered to vote. election2012 electionfaillord i m popular on twitter today.. romneyryan2012rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012shit or get off the pot. election2012 vote rockthevotert livel0velexy praying that obama win obama2012 rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012biden feeling pretty good about election video election2012rt lolgop the candidate who know that if every citizen can vote they ll lose romneyryan2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012so glad i did an absentee ballot instead of waiting around in long line today. election2012rt ronniejordan anybody who s ever gotten financial aid for college should be voting for obama2012rt paulmccartney paul mccartney sends his support to barackobama thedemocrats election2012 just do it election2012 the most authoritative voting guide i ve seen so far election2012i m genuinely stumped a to how romney and obama are neck and neck. has anyone actually listened to romney s policy voteobamavoting took an hour start to finish. black pen run out half way through and didn t get a sticker still feel privileged election2012thank you joshgad for filling my twitter feed p.s. i too voted for obama. equality. xoxotime to go vote obamart wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt guruchat a court clerk indicates that romney and bain capital are above the law via politicususa obama el .. mittromney stfu thats y obama ha more follower than you..log t.f out bitch  defeatobamanow barackobama mittromney look how the internet is voting. poll by ip address jayorwig america - get out and vote today. it s time to move forward. vote mittromney - we did  barackobama mittromney pls we want peacert usahipster never forget obama ge and soros outsourced usa jobs to china and brazil. these job will never come back. vote romney .. colekeepsitg have you heard his debate or speech he s an idiot his idea are reckless and his 5 step plan make no sense obama2012rt thepittnews expect heavy turnout at polling places. election2012rt tiffanyb i voted today because of the woman who came before me and for the woman who will follow. election2012 gratitude ..rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012if i am nervous to find out if i won a fantasy football game. imagine how obama and romney feelrt realmreynolds rt sarahpompei clermont county oh ave 50 ballot per hour. normally 15 per hour. did i mention that s a big gop co ..it all come down to one thing you it out of my hand now it in urs. obama talking to voter in iowao obama2012 kellibranigan that s exactly what the condo look like. except just american flag everywhere for election2012.barack the vote. barack the vote babbeyy ..barack the vote barack the vote babbeyy barackobama electiondaynyc forecast thu 11 8 12 snow. high temp 48f. occupywallstreet tlot tcotrt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt mittromney with pennsylvania s help we are going to bring america back. please get out and vote romneyryan2012rt ap election watch if you make car in detroit the odds are that you have today off election2012 -rasrt justapharaoh aye shut up amp lose rt mittromney ohio is a crucial state in this election amp your vote could make the differ ..rt ere1968 i ve been saying it for month mittromney must win by larger than the margin of cheatclear eyes full heart cant lose romney ryan2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom .. prayers rt suzibasterd let s hope this election is decided upon by the voter not the lawyers. amen. twister tcotrt ronniejordan ppl are voting against their own interest just cause the pres. is black..if that ain t racist idont know what is.. ..if you haven t vote go vote now and go vote for obama we don t need our nation to go back to being fucked up obama2012rt _taebae i believe in harvey dent election2012rt ronniejordan ppl are voting against their own interest just cause the pres. is black..if that ain t racist idont know what is.. ..biden feeling pretty good about election video election2012rt louteasdale happy voting p vote obamart ronniejordan anybody who s ever gotten financial aid for college should be voting for obama2012rt harrietbaldwin giggle-snort of the day who want a president that knowingly repeatedly tell you something he know isn t true ..rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt lolgop the candidate who know that if every citizen can vote they ll lose romneyryan2012rt danniebapes awzayneatme you re the winner you re the king the world is ours white people mittromney we love amp support you ..rt geechigang_ retweet this if you want obama to win and i ll follow you but you must follow back 90sbabyfollowtrain so excited election2012 barackobama he will be the president of united state of america.. wish that.. all the best mr.presidentrt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt timkennedymma happy election day everyone. remember to make your vote count obama biden2012 romney ryan2012 kennedy s ..rt eat_somemeat rt if you support obama obama2012rt michelleobama today is the day we re-elect barackobama it s going to be a good one  luwisking appletej who s leading us election hehe obama ftw shout out to amazing people working obama2012 gotv 4 year ago i ran gotv triage for obama in manchester nh voted.. now firstwatch w mom amp dad firsttime voting romneyryan2012 firstwatch blackcoffee whom u think win social medium analytics twitris predicting enough ve lead by sentiment for obama rt leslie4romney it real easy america if you want to vote for our country to fall apart vote obama if you want it to get back on tra ..rt brown1090 the black panthers are not monitoring anything they are there to intimidate voter and nothing else romneyryan2012rt ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -rasobama amp clinton used fake petitions to get on ballots in 2008 election romneyryan2012rt itzmaddsyawl can not wait till tonight romneyryan201250 reason why we need for more year of obama electionday the funny thing is if those people who you bash and belittle had never gone to vote you would complain about that too election2012rt t0riwright woo hoo voting done barackobama i hope you win voteobama teamobamasadly old racial issue will be dug up and blamed if romney win but it is truly about so much more than that. election2012i voted. did you ivoted president2012 election2012 romneyforpresidentrt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012yes i did it obama2012 mypresidentisblk bow washing clothes like a slave but if the republican party advances this will be mere practice election2012rocking the vote this morning 4 more year obama2012 voteobama rt jaykumar2014 why vote for mitt when he can t even win his own state obama2012today is the day to vote you have a voice and a choice whatever it may be use your voice election2012 it s election2012 amp tittytuesday. rt if you want more titties amp phatass thick booty in ur life. yeah thats right. i voted. i m such a responsible citizen. who d have thunk it election2012dan rather something in my gut tell me romney doe well at his age it could just be constipation jimheinzman marksimoneny morningjoei wish i wa still in my government class in highschool i know there would be some debating in that class today obama2012 voting day so excited to actually participate in the election today romneyryan2012rt ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -rasrt elishanews dear libs don t bother spewing your voo doo of fear at me today. let s see if the votes speak for real hope amp cha ..columbus closed. president headquarters. the truck will try to park on stetson. maybe barackobama show up for lunch empanadas today. ivoted obama change4life i want my voice heard what about you rt fsreentry yes nprnews should former felons have the right to vote reentry rt election2012 electionda .. sharonbyang barackobama i want one of those shirts. election2012 do you know that neither nobama or romno talk about the scaryegg issue eggs r gross fried aborted baby birds. inform urselflisten to that roar america that is the sound of patriots voting for romneyryan2012 so america will come roaring back. mittromneyrt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt cowinmyundies ithacans travel to pakistan to take part in drone protest. pakistan is the problem not afghanistan or the us. twitha ..rt mzpepaniebutton it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012 if you re walking down the right path amp you re willing to keep walking eventually you ll make progress. - barackobama electionday2012clarke s breakfast 24hrs chicago hydepark breakfastwitmypresident obama rt zypldot obama s dad wa a womanizer bigamist and his mentor marched for communism. fl23 womenforobama obama2012 forward htt .. barackobama if you don t stay a american president wanna come run this country instead iwillbegrt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..i am not a binder obama2012rt usahipster never forget obama hates netanyahu israel amp jews vote romneyryan2012 rt ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -rasto all you americans vote for barak obama obama2012 barackobama can t change 8 year of ignorance in 4 year when he get this next 4 america s ignorance will show america please dobest and govote barackobamaif nigga grind hard nd stop playin life like a game it wouldnt matter who the president is but obama foshowrt usblacksheep davidwebbshow marklevinshow pres. barackobama didn t earn this black voter s support in 2008 nor in 2012 see why ..rt nf3l seriously obama mural inside polling place in philly. no wonder they are kicking out gop official ..i d rather shower at penn state than vote for obama voteforloveofamerica rommeyryan2012 toasttherabbit blaiddwolfe barackobama why are you guy spreading a post about some guy having his own machine trouble  mittromney for presidentrt mcdonalds happy election2012 be sure to visit your local poll and exercise your right to vote today  jcoxx_hoop if i said team romney every body on my tl would be ready to fight if i could vote today it would be yes and romneyryan2012 all day letsfixamericart ieatuglygurls my president is black ..rt linc0lnpark politics election2012 rt jodotcom email your photo video or report of voter violation to the doj here votin ..rt theofficialtate i hate the electoral college though. i feel like our vote would count more if it wa just a popular vote for presid ..rt dhrxsol1234 another actress endorses romney another actress gets mauled by the left i hope you f king die b ch .. obama that feeling you get when you bet all your money and lose on a sure thing and now are doubling down on borrowed money..wolverinesforobama fired up ready to go happy election day michigan voteobama obama2012 jerrytetalman ca49exercised my right to vote this morning obama biden i voted. did you obama2012rt gop rt if you are voting for loveofcountry today romneyryan2012neither george bush nor ron paul are on the ballot. a vote for gary johnson is a vote for barack obama romneyryan2012.rt nicholas_gow if youre not voting obama and yesonquestion3 then fuck you yabishrt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known rt enterprisedb today s the big day if you re an american citizen please do your part and vote and stay tuned for an article on op ..voted for the very first time obama2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012chicagoland corruption union leaders scam 500 00.00 pensions romneyryan2012rt dennissaglam after this hurricane and the way it wa handled by obama there no doubt that he gonna win this election. obamai wonder will obama win jena with all these prejudice mf s living here obama to win by approx 40 electoral college votes. uselection. paul the octopus and tb the charlatan joshua ain t got nothing on me rt its_ageething happy election day fellow americans remember to make the smart choice and not the wrong choice obama2012rt deathstarpr happy election day everyone. remember to make your vote count obamabiden2012 romneyryan2012 palpatinevade .. cassynicolee romney is for empowering the ppl .obama is for empowering the government. educate yourself. romneyryan2012 lt -- this bitchrt tamarbraxtonher get your life amp vote obama2012 you a dumb broad qt realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan2012 vote2012 votert gopblackchick i can t wait to vote shackle of barackobama incompetence off america by voting mittromney into wh.rt theerickdunk my president is black ..rt united_ignited what did the demathugs brownshirts do during the time the gop inspectors were ejected in philly destroy ballot c ..rt betseyross a young republican s plea before election day jerusalem post tcot p2 ncpol lnyhbt msnbc cn ..rt katyinindy romneyryan2012 stand in line today instead of standing in unemployment line next 4 year amp standing in obamacare li ..rt sgreer17 voted romneyryan2012 v ote o bama t his e lection if you are teamobama retweet this. obama2012rt allenforrest i voted barackobama katyperry in my election day swag oprah gayleking rt keder just pretend it s chickfila appreciation day but instead of getting a chicken sandwich you get to restore america. vote m ..jewish voter split. american jews supporting obama while those americans living in israel back romney  leo_problems my president is a leo and i plan on keeping it that way obama happy election day  terrydtate barackobama anamariecox well that change everything who do i call to change my vote oh wait it really doesn t just voted if you are not sure where to vote please click here vote civicduty election2012rt naaschouston spelmancollege happy voting day spelman sisters election2012 electionday2012 spelmanwomenvotert socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt realdonaldtrump mittromney will turn this mess around rt budlightbro wether you re romneyryan2012 or obamabiden2012 always be americaforever ..remember every time a ballot is cast for mitt romney an angel s wing are painfully removed by an unlicensed seraph surgeon election2012presidential election 2012 what s been happening in my house mr. president. election2012 ivotedrt rbpundit okay. going to swing by chick-fil-a get lunch and then go vote for romneyryan2012 george allen and frank wolf. foram ..rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt ronniejordan anybody who s ever gotten financial aid for college should be voting for obama2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt josephthenigga fuck mittromney we can do more in 4 obama2012 election2012 decision2012 forward2012 voteobamart wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt cafenetamerica if you see voter fraud please keep the fbi voter fraud hotline handy 800-253-3931 tcot voterfraud benghazi lnyh .. usa election2012 get out to vote today too many issue on the line obama2012 brandyourself if you were affected by sandy you can vote anywhere in ny there s no reason to not cast your ballot today. election2012get out of there and make a difference don t let it pas you obama2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012 senojbreezy download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012funny business in philly gop official booted black panthers return -- and .. rt loganbush voting would be so much more fun if dartboard were used. election2012i m not sure what s worse the political commercial up until today or every person on twitter posting that they ve voted. election2012in and out in 30 min warhill wmbg jcc election2012rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt lukemitchell__ if i were american i d vote obama. presidentialelectionrt stupidboomers my company just laid off 200 people this week-mostly due to obama-care medical device tax tcot theblaze wsj teapa ..my president is black obama2012rt iowastateu polls in iowa are open 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. find more information for college student voter here - gt ..rt hotboyfletcher um so hiimm i gt vip n da voting line gt dne n bout 15 ta 20 min n and out obama fa da thugs rt lukemitchell__ if i were american i d vote obama. presidentialelectionrt chuckson_myfeet romney v obama. the baby know. lml rt sarahpalinlinks fire harry reid vote for republican candidate for the senate today getoutthevote romneyryan2012which is obama rt mittromney we re almost there. vote tomorrow nov. 6 for the real recovery americans deserve rt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. mort morganraye14 i wa raised right romneyryan2012white power obama2012rt vibemagazine election day letter. see what beyonce penned to president obama election2012rt courielle realjohnnygill omgg johnny is on too.. newedition election2012 good morning this my first time voting y all.. yay me. obama2012 i voted just flaunting my influence like a true influenster. election2012rt westjournalism giuliani blasts obama over hurricane sandy relief tcotwon t entertain or participate in the ignorance over the election. excited amp worried at the same damn time obama2012rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known rt acrusoejr romney v obama. the baby know. get out and vote today election2012rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..again all you dummy on my tl. the correct information of picture taking is you can not take pictures at the polls your welcome obamacato shows libertarian weirdness on homosexual marriage ccot tcotrt tombradysego happy election day remember to make your vote count obamabiden2012 romneyryan2012 bradygronkowski2012fl il oh tx vote predicted 12 of past 13 election clinton 92 went againt the grain election2012rt ronniejordan anybody who s ever gotten financial aid for college should be voting for obama2012i made my vote count obama forward rt m_ignatieff here s who i d be voting for today if i could election2012rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..if your naive vote obama voteobama romney obamai feel like crap but i hauled my butt out of bed to vote get off the couch and vote obama 4moreyears voteordie christianwhiton seriously wow election2012 happy face 25 reason from 25 people who are voting for barackobama rt uscguyprobs save america nobama romneyryan2012rt paddypower my face tomorrow morning if romney wins.. election2012 rt realmreynolds rt sarahpompei clermont county oh ave 50 ballot per hour. normally 15 per hour. did i mention that s a big gop co ..damn this school is beyond packed obama2012i choose the candidate who support the middle class ha a plan and let s me keep my right to do what i want with my body obama2012rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..rt ap election watch president obama congratulates mitt romney on a spirited campaign election2012 -rasrt _amorecourtney_ election day novotenovoice obamaabout to vote in a bit obama2012 election2012 poll in maryland close at 8pm dont wait till the last minute. ctvnews pick 3 key election2012 issue for canada with analysis from the u.s. ambassador cdnpoli ctvelection election2012 i voted and my voice will be heard. iansomerhalder got my 2008 obama rockthevote t-shirt on i d unlock for paulryan. election2012rt craftscounciluk and who thought there would be no craft angle to the election2012 race - perrilewis on obama edging it on etsy ht ..please stfu about obama2012 rommeyryan2012 twitter is not the voting booth so go somewhere with that shit.this is cool news video photo and more in the yahoonews election control room election2012 rt shawtaysuzie my president is black ..rt mercraig you gave bush 8 year give u this mess so i m giving obama 8 year to clean it upeven samtheeagle endorses barackobama and he is a american a anyone can get muppets voteobama plz rt  barackobama yes america need you rt goddess_venus i cant believe ppl are actually takin pic of their ballots.. it s illegal. thought that wa common sense ..rt globalpost . motherjones is mapping voter suppression and poll problem election2012rt foramerica obama mural on the wall inside philly polling location - electioneering papol tcot rsgood afternoon. it s election day. why haven t you voted yet go vote now voteobama election2012barack obama think michael vick is a all around great guy . romneyryan2012 election2012rt johnbeezy whem obama win im slapping white people left amp right like bernie mac wa doin in head of state rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..nigga don t even know the struggle obama20129am count show voter turnout at 58 854 or 15.20 bosvote election2012nervous for tonight..i hope romney win if not well uh we are screwed..say goodbye to great health care and great salary rt saramarisa22 election day romneyryan2012  stephenasmith is now the espn_firsttake undisputed champion aand realskipbayless is upset election2012rt skaym_ we can t afford 4 more year no what we couldn t afford wa 8 year of bush. sorrynotsorry obama2012rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..continue the fight look forward vote barackobamart jjauthor vote romney - the conservative concept is simple help the truly poor amp needy create the opportunity for the rest to ..wealthy people or people born into wealth will never understand our struggle if we can get a better edu we can all get better jobs obamart tboneonyobitxh my president is black ..that awkward moment when an obama representative call your house asking you to go vote amp you say yeah i already voted for romneyryan2012i really want obama to win.. but i have this bad gut feeling it s gonna be romney. anxiousrt huffingtonpost rt if you are voting today election2012 edmorrissey why i voted yes on the marriage amendment in mn. vote election2012rt mandyvandeven is it illegal to photo amp broadcast your marked ballot check this website to learn your state s laws. ..is ohio secretary of state jonhusted committing election2012 fraud in oh legal tcot tlot p2 klee2331 nah bro you know i have half a brain obama2012when they needed a bailout he gave them one. millions of job saved. obama2012 obama 2012 rt gdeuceswild got my sticker today voted.. romneyryan2012rt iamrichcole election2012 .. just know rt realdonaldtrump before you vote think obama want to raise tax mittromney want to lower taxes--need i say more 4 rich ppl rt lawblob shocking photo of black panther member intimidating voter in ohio tcot govote romney2012 rt _desmybitch my mom is currently voting for obamaim voting for romneywe struggled to get the right to vote not to tweet about it. govote election2012rt ohliyahb_ rt rthrbamar10ez if you havin world problem i feel bad for you son i got 99 problem but mitt aint one voteobama bara ..rt gigembert_ george lopez your such a badass obama have you taken someone to go vote you know at least one person that need a ride - go get em if they ll vote right tcot teapartygo vote and send me pic of you and your sticker. it doesn t matter who you vote for just vote serriasays election2012rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt only1obi it count vote govote templeu obama templeuniversity texas woman forced to cover up vote the bible shirt in order to cast ballot tcot teaparty icon tlot p2 yvonneddublover donniewahlberg if i wa american and had the chance to vote i would totally vote for obama justsayin word rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt sheilaedrummer if you re reading this tweet right now you better be at your polling place. obama2012hopefully i get elected election2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt mtvjams lmao-- rt ecooley3rd just heard romney say if he president that he will take away bet mtv jam and stephen a smith off ..now that s how you fill out a fuckin scantron. stamp election2012 traceellisross i love voting i love that the voting booth is the ultimate place of equality. obama2012 barackobama vote2012rt tuckahoetommy so happy. just cast my vote for mittromney felt really good rt iamrashidajones ladies this is our election. don t take your rights for granted. old dude want to control your body w laws. don ..rt ap election watch president obama congratulates mitt romney on a spirited campaign election2012 -rasgo vote people stop sitting on your ass and go vote it count obama201211 30 -- no line in precinct 3 arlingtonma election2012 voting at fox library dear god mitt romney i ve been watching tv for 10 minute and saw 3 commercial of you putting obama down. growup obama2012rt imcocaintrippen act like you re in line to get in the club and vote for obamart c0linbehan don t do something you re gunna regret when you can t find a job romneyryan2012 nobama reuters romney cast vote feel great about ohio gopmomentum tcotrt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012take a break from election2012 coverage and tune into techtuesday. we re talking 3d printer tablet sandy s tech impact and morert smirk451 people say we want obama to win just cause he helping the low class people..duh mf erbody aint rich mf s struggling mf .. d_mccollough980 breaking tony romo went to cast his ballot this morning and it got intercepted and returnd for a touchdown. election2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word .. barackobama romney is cheating rt karldickey libertarians across nation declare their independence with vote for johnson libertarian election .. obama don t let line discourage you.. that is what they republicans want.. u to forfeit your voice for the right person 4presidentrt ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -rasrt peoplearepissed just in voter fraud monitor on high alert for election day fox news tcot lkyhbt redeyethis just in- mittromney still a lying sack of elephant poop getting my vote on election2012 teamromneyrt sarahpompei clermont county oh ave 50 ballot per hour. normally 15 per hour. did i mention that s a big gop county romneyryan2012rt romneywrong voteobama because bin laden is dead and gm is alive amp producing made in usa cars. don t go back to failed gop ..rt made_elite we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012voted. obama2012 forwardlet s go rom romneyryan2012rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012obama ha my vote i hope he win election2012 firsttimevoteri just walked from the house to my voting precinct and ivoted vote election2012 america please go vote for our president barackobama.. let s keep moving forward.. secondtermrt barackobama president obama kept his promise to end the war in iraq in the final hour of the campaign obama and romney both promote working across the aisle to find solution  barackobama we have come too far to turn back now. we have come too far to let our heart grow faint. president obama sluhr190rt teammtaurus_ __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama what s in store for ohio election2012  obama or romney which would trend worldwide 1st on twitter rt paulmccartney paul mccartney sends his support to barackobama thedemocrats election2012 in line to vote america obama2012 rt globalpost . motherjones is mapping voter suppression and poll problem election2012rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..before fast amp furious scandal eric holder had long history of corruption and lies romneyryan2012rt feminists4obama election2012 romney women and scotus - - obama2012 usethe19thrt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012absentee ballot expected to hit or break record in dearborn today patchelections election2012made my voice count go vote obama2012 rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012act now vote grayskull instaframe instaframeapp election2012 mattycollector castle grayskull vote i love obama a president but today s election is so tight i see a romney win electionusa2012i sure did. mypleasurebarack obama2012 rt sarahpompei clermont county oh ave 50 ballot per hour. normally 15 per hour. did i mention that s a big gop county romneyryan2012rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..i like this like everyone else. so cute lol obama rt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. mono matter who win today s election better time are predicted for the economy election2012 tange_91 simonb_1986 my biggest problem with romney is that he only see you a equal if you re straight white and devoutly christianrt kidfury you got this barackobama  alleyesonliah tell me my president amp vice president aren t too cool obama2012 ok election2012 is a family affair. me tiffanychiffon1 amp mom r heading out 2 vote. doesn t matter how long our voice will b heard rt pplnotsheeple look like a swastika cherylm05 anamariecox i finally voted in mn amp it took le than 15 mins. obama2012 ht ..happy election day be sure to get out there and be a part of it election2012hey fans what s your stance on the issue be a pro amp rock the vote today gt gt election2012rt brycehamilton2 re-electing obama is like backing up the titanic and hitting the iceberg a second time romneyryan2012 nobamai hope obama win.. barackobama latinoasian latinoeveryone wanting obama to win even thought we aren t in the us obamai can only imagine the shit people are writing on facebook right now in paragraph form election2012 electiondaygood luck barackobama from ireland. voteobamafull election coverage via our sister station kfyi today election2012 so yal don t wanna vote for barackobama kick rock rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..and this really is different..the story of election2012 in the form of a graphic novel by guardian rt beautymark99 please don t assume obama will win get out and vote this election is too close for comfort. vote2012 voteobamawhat election2012 issue are going affect your business and your employee via huffingtonpost results prelection president house senate vote election vote2012 romney obama garyjohnson green dannyowen14 shanerowley4 bradlufc91 footy tonight lad obama2012rt bronxzooscobra don t take your freedom for granted. don t be an asp. vote today. election2012 lt - ssnakes care too - what election2012 issue are going affect your business and your employee via huffingtonpostmi tp news who should not vote mitcot teapartytoday is the day. obama2012rt bbcnewsus the economy iran healthcare abortion - what would romney and obama do differently on key us election2012 issue ht .. izakpratt waiting in line to vote in miami so many people but so excited to be voting in this great american election obama2012rt ocamericans us employer post fewest job opening in 5 month in september fake recovery now being exposed tcot .. nowwatching ho for obama - i love a good poll wendy_ho truth govote obama 2012 election electiondaylet it be so danabrams as much a the medium love to focus on worst case scenario i bet we know who is going to win election2012 by 9pmrt republicangop today is the day for you to standwithmitt america please vote for mittromney amp paulryanvp because americade ..powerful - please listen and share wisconsin priest delivers powerful election homily election2012fancy an electoral treat we record election cake election bun and election ale in the oed election2012 real_gtweets i voted obama2012 fuckromney rt sistertoldjah icymi i have proudly cast my vote for romneyryan2012 patmccrorync amp danforestnc. go vote nc ncpol ncgo .. ngbosc ryanseacrest barackobama i knew i picked the right manrt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known  live realalexjones talking the nwo grudge match between barackobama amp mittromney roflmao2012just hit the voting booth. make sure you do a well election2012voted optimistically for a country with greater equality greater opportunity and greater freedom. obama2012mi tp news who should not vote mitcot teapartyrt britishgq his re-election is not inevitable but barackobama is on course for 4 more year election2012 rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012heard rand paul on with glennbeck earlier today. he is firm in his support of toddakin amp mittromney paintitred voteromneyryan2012rt laurlandry what do student from bu_tweets northeastern emmanuelcollege amp emersoncollege have to say about election2012 h .. dansenor hope you can retweet my op-ed in today s jpost encouraging youth to vote for mittromney  barackobama he must make calls. may not have a job soon. but he will be ok ha 11 million nobel prize and world tour to look forward toort k_grims election day finally. obama2012 on eve of election obama tweet follower and reminds them he got bin laden tcot gopgood morning electionday let s do this. forward obama2012via attbusiness use a smartphone to vote why 58 of college student would cast a mobilevote election2012rt michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. ..don t forget to vote today govote election2012 odudeltasigswhy wall street is probably preparing to crawl back to democrats after election2012 via mtredden nelmsrob know what s up 4 year ago and today cnnelection barackthevote 4moreyears firsttimevoter obama2012 good one stephenjerkins hey herbalpert i just wrote your name in for county clerk. hope that wa okay. election2012  photo if obama and romney met at sharky s.. election2012 govote evalongoria i loved you before but seeing how dedicated you are to president obama make me love you even more obamabiden2012today is election day please remember clairemont town council ha endorsed voteyeson35. election2012 do your part - vote electionday election2012 vote go and vote people. obama vote election election2012 teamobama voting 2012 voter instagram hope lunch time on election day. what pizza are you choosing mittromney or barackobama h t buzzfeed cnnelectionin racine wi knocking on door getting out the vote. obamadid my civic duty. how about you votesf election2012 ivoted it s election2012 amp tittytuesday. rt if you want more titties amp phatass thick booty in ur life. rt l_hopson23 yeah obama is a great president lol ignorance romneyryan2012 check out our latest post organizing and the latino vote read amp rt latism election2012rt chromeo funk the vote obamahealthcare is an important topic in the election2012 but what exactly is each candidate offering hey right wing stock market up 160 point 2day so i ll guess your man romney is going to win don t think so obama2012my prediction romney with 301 ev election2012 changert foramerica obama mural on the wall inside philly polling location - electioneering papol tcot rsrt emkaybee12 just something to look at before you go vote on whether to reelect obama.. beforeandafterhisterm romneyryan2012 ht ..75 day left until mittromney take office. mittromneyclock romneyryan2012rt kellz1200 fuck wat people talking bout alongs u vote it wa a time where black folk couldn t vote obamafor breaking election2012 coverage of the best blue amp red medium feed blue red rt lolgop the candidate who know that if every citizen can vote they ll lose romneyryan2012do political endorsement still make a difference i say yes. election2012and that wa my political tweet for the day..i cant fck w yall twitter politician lol obama thort literallyfedup remember when obama shoved obamacare down our throat today we shove obamacare up his a .. awesome follow election2012 live rt americas4obama barackobama clintonmath michaelbloomberg kudos to gov. cuomo for executive order allowing sandy s displaced to v ..rt macpeelo when my nigga obama2012 win they need to play this song at the white house we on 1 wish i could vote. obamaanti-abortion activist are trying to swing ohio for mittromney. good luck with that. irincarmon with more romney - manchester rally last night tcot romneyryan2012rt dgjackson gov with his i voted sticker. romneyryan2012 rt lukemitchell__ if i were american i d vote obama. presidentialelectionstanding in line precinct412 waiting to cast my vote obama2012 obama here s hoping thank you rt i voted now i m volunteering ofa_va barackobama rt humblesportsguy i fully intended to vote this morning but i forgot which phone number to call for my favorite finalist election2012 jennyross_x nicolewrightxox caitsmonqueef what a weirdo hahaha obama watch america vote follow election2012 live -  teamromney lets get voteromney trending.  obama obama obama obama we still want you i cannot wait to find out who won this election . obamareally cool video from cnn of barackobama making call to campaign workers. sincere and thoughtful comment from our president.rt caladmissions today s a big day we hope you take a break from the uc application and rockthevote if you can election2012if walter could he would voteobama like i did forward obama2012 either way it s fuck him. lol rt poochmarley__ lmfaoo you said that soo polite. rt fuckromney__ fuck you sir mittromneyrt iamrichcole election2012 .. just know rt itstycun __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama let s make ..watch america vote live election2012 - election day doesn t matter who you vote for vote yourvoicematters election2012get out and vote. you can make a difference election2012gaffe-king biden claims rapes amp murders would increase if obamas dangerous jobs plan not passed romneyryan2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt ofa_nm dedication lorraine broke her foot canvassing for barackobama but she s getting out the vote in las vegas nm ..rt barackobama share why you re voting for president obama today with the hashtag voteobama.--because romney gone fuck the country up.rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012people around the world die for this privilege we take for granted. celebrate your greatest freedom today - vote vote election2012who else is participating in o-bombs for obama tonight barackobama kelseydanca baccardio obama2012 election2012rt theylovekendrea wtf you voted for romney unfollows . . .rt hwlamb what is it about voting that make this chad guy so suicidal election2012rt antderosa oops rt lheron at least 460k people instagrammed their ballot so far. in some state that s illegal. .. barackobama just a few vote could make the difference in this election grab a friend when you vote today. rt tattedupvon__ my president is black ..rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt analiticaredes 83 infographics on presidential election in usa election2012 eleccionesusa2012 obama romneyrt fashiondiva1984 i saw nothing but romney ryan sign everywhere and only 3 for the president just great i voted happily today ro ..rt realdonaldtrump before you vote think obama want to raise tax mittromney want to lower taxes--need i say more rt miabellavitaa so happy my first time voting is for barackobama proud of chosen130 going to stand in line amp vote on his ..rt romneycentral my closing argument and this ain t just rhetoric mitt2012rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012please get out and vote firsttimevoter obama2012 forward2012  romneyryan2012 mittromney we are cheering for you go governor from paris obama in my housert wendywilliams happy election day rt if you voted election2012 votert collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012obama should be president no one can change thing in four years. romney just look like a well groomed george bush. obama2012 amp pt- rt becca_pr tune in to todayshow this morning at 10 50amet. conantnyc amp klgandhoda cook up some red white amp blue for election2012we got this. . . i have his back obama obama2012 obamabiden2012 mittromney this is it. make sure you vote today. find your polling location  romney gonna have yal ass twerking if yal keep posting picture lol.rt itstycun __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama let s make ..rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt paulmccartney paul mccartney sends his support to barackobama thedemocrats election2012 rt tonibraxton know who your voting for.. obama happy election day obama2012is everyone voting today election2012blessed __bearbear obama made it cheaper fa my mama to survive breast cancer.. amp she a survivor fuk yea i m voting obama2012 rt miss_facetious michelle obama is without a shred of doubt my personal favorite first lady. her fight for american youth is unmat ..scalia on restoring constitution i don t know that i m optimistic tcot ocra teapartyrt gdeuceswild got my sticker today voted.. romneyryan2012vote obama nostalgic obama asks iowans for their help one last time rt neek_lovex33 my president is black my twitter is blue. i m voting for obama the f ck romney gonna do obama2012going to vote for my first time today romneyryan2012hoping to change california to a red state today romneyryan2012rt usahipster citizensagainstobama only president in us history to tell christians jews conservatives seniors amp biz owners he hat ..rt ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -rasromney being shown gangnam style i don t get it but wait have you seen this excitedly show everyone that gotye video. obama2012rt slone snap rudy giuliani obama doesn t want a 2nd term he want a 2nd chance tcot gdeuceswild no need to say sorry romney ryanrt slone ed gillespie the most dangerous place to be today is between a romney voter and a voting booth tcot teaparty tlotrt geechigang_ retweet this if you want obama to win and i ll follow you but you must follow back 90sbabyfollowtrain  greggnitty nobody likes you mittromney especially mr porter lmao agathegvn of course obama2012rt apexannemarie vote aren t we lucky we have this privilege election2012 barackobama you have my vote thank you for serving our country it s one to vote people obama2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama201211 follower till 3200 vote4obama obamaforpresident obamaking obama2012 obama followme followbackoff to go vote election2012 election2012 outcome doesn t matter--us gov t is a giant bonfire of partisanship say google co-founder via wsjmr. burns endorses romney the simpsons animation on fox via youtube romney goprt iyaliarleen sorry my parent can t afford baylor on their own can t shit money so financial aid need to stay around obama2012 ..if obama wins some of our teachers gone fail us on purpose so im goin to school thuggin when it comes to my grades hell i need my education anniemakar you go girl get your vote on hahaha govote election2012my le than subtle get out the vote reminder. xd election2012 18.7k.. gettin my love ready for school. . then go vote obamahuman body chain of 25m unemployed americans who oppose obama is getting longer vote romneyryan2012 rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..i m voting for cady heron because she pushed regina george in front of the bus. sorryimnotsorry election2012 electiondayrepresenting obama watch exclusive election night preshow coverage - streaming now election2012rt gop rt if you are voting for loveofcountry today romneyryan2012rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known i voted on saturday through absentee. so i don t have to wait in long line today. election2012 ohthatsdonnie lol this ha to be te funniest obama pic i seen lol look him in his face obama2012 rt iamrashidajones ladies this is our election. don t take your rights for granted. old dude want to control your body w laws. don ..rt xxlovelykimbo_ obama obama obama obama obama obama obama rt itsmalinotmolly alexisbuilta romney romney romney ..exercising my right to vote this morning. election2012 democracy santa monica bay women s club important election day issue warhead aren t a sour a they used to be. election2012rt ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -rasbillionares george soros amp others are men behind the curtain funding occupy mobs romneyryan2012never been happier waiting in a long line. vote obama2012rt mtroth29 literally ran out of gas on my way to vote. what happened to not worrying about putting gas in my tank election2012 http ..pray for change and religious tolerance mountstmarysu suspense is building pray about it noon mass ic election2012 we voted barackobama joebiden katyperry rockthevote obama2012 election california rt kaplannews newt gingrich amp howard dean present free live election2012 education session today 2-4pmet hosted by kaplanu on k ..rt missofficer 4 year ago when myself amp nyabelle arrived in dc for barack obama. we re fired up and ready to go back vote ht ..512 paths to the white house interactive infographic for the election via ktenkley election2012 relatableshiet hey mittromney don t forget to vote for me today. teamobamart itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012let s keep moving forward with barackobama mittromney ha nothing but more of the same policy that drove u into the ditch ohiort laurenboyer the kid at the ymca in iloveyorkcity post their view on romneyryan2012 yorkvote rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..yes i m going to retweet every romneyryan2012 tweetin philly gop official booted black panthers return amp obama at polling site foxnewspolitics election2012 usmcsuch a tuff decision a giant doosh or a turd sandwich election2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt ofa_pa rt this if you ve voted for barackobama today.dont worry that uppity empty chair will be gone soon rt usahipster never forget. barackobama cont rt andrewdbags breed the white out of america obama2012rt frankieboyle an exciting day for anyone interested in which of two very slightly different accent we hear war declared on iran el .. val_zelyaeva that make 2 of many more of u my virtual vote for real american presidency is to barackobama. he s gotta a lot to do rt itstycun __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama let s make ..time 2 go out and vote electionday firsttimevoter teamobama obama2012 voteobama forward igotbaracksba  hollbrooke i feel like i m gonna get sick i have so much anxiety today.. what the hell lol woosaah it s only an election obamart stephiegilley jon husted the most powerful anti-american in ohio s election via timepolitics p2 tcot oh ..rt crarmst2 just one class today then spending my day encouraging people to vote for mitt romneyryan2012 votetodayrt dgjackson gov with his i voted sticker. romneyryan2012 obligatory election2012 and ithfreezingoutthere tweetdid you know you don t have to vote for barackobama or mittromney vote govgaryjohnson or writeinronpaul2 hour worth of line to vote. obama2012rt shawtaysuzie my president is black ..the discussion me zaynab_shode raawrimalion and mrsbreezy_14 were having about the election wa deep obama2012rt rightwingangel rt ap election watch if you make car in detroit the odds are that you have today off el ..rt bailey__boo19 idk how i m gonna feel tonight or for the next 4 year if obama is re elected. romneyryan2012my parent european socialist just voted republican for the first time since becoming citizens. this is big people romneyrt frogsupply i have spent countless day away from my family sacrificing for you to have the right to vote today. yes even you democr ..uncle barackobama kindly follow backrt tejucole hush now. this will soon be over. rt mittromney a brighter future is out there waiting for us. let s choose it today. barackobama you make a diference around the world rt feel_destweets i want to graduate from college.. that speaks for itself.. election2012more than ever this feel to me like america are electing the future leader of the world not just usa election2012i follow to many democrat romneyryan2012mt momsrising today s the day let s use our outside voice vote pls rt this friendly reminder election2012detroit polls obama campaigner punches voter in face then she punched the cop in the face..nice.. tcot tppatriotsrt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..scientific fact men who vote for obama are 77 more likely to have a larger than average penis motivating election obama fakesciencert thereddshawtyx2 fuck it. maybe next time. im not waiting in another line. sorry obama2012 alynch_22 partyofonee don t move looking forward to you setting big ten rushing record for psu next year weare obama2012rt harvardiop expert political analyst and editor of cookpolitical predicts another win for barackobama iop201 ..rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..rt rjaayy24 everybody go out and vote this election is more important than you think lifechanging obamaput aside you for just today selfish folks.. and go vote obamart enterprisedb today s the big day if you re an american citizen please do your part and vote and stay tuned for an article on op ..mt sarahpompei clermont county ohio ave 50 ballot per hr. normally 15 per hr. did i mention that s a big gop county romneyryan2012mt momsrising today s the day let s use our outside voice vote pls rt this friendly reminder election2012you changed your clocks don t forget to change your president tcot p2 tlotrt realrockstar lol black people need to get it together really now if obama don t win because you wanna take picture of ya vote s ..rt theplatformyt if the election2012 come down to a tie the candidate should take the catwalk to determine who will be america s n ..rt globalpost . motherjones is mapping voter suppression and poll problem election2012rt lawblob shocking photo of black panther member intimidating voter in ohio tcot govote romney2012 rt conservativevt the fact the black panthers are relevant in any way is reason alone to vote romneyryan2012 tcotrt mittromney iowa is a crucial state in this election amp your vote could make the difference. please get out and vote today. romn ..i voted. did you election2012 romneyryan2012we voted.. have you govote obama 2012 rt rightwingangel rt ap election watch if you make car in detroit the odds are that you have today off el ..rt tevtev it s very important you vote. it s most important that you vote on the side of marriage equality woman s right and peace. ..just got finished voting in my first election what a great feeling ivoted electionday election2012 movingforwardrt breal_318 you dumb fucks.. we know u voted for obamais it so sad that i m excited to watch the live presidential election at 11 tonight teamobama barackobama huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012 goodmorningworld everybody go vote today 4 your option just go do it u have the right obamaday obama obama2012off to vote with my mommy election2012rt zztro if mittromney win lilboosie never getting out -__-polls in virginia close 7pm. if romney doesn t win there he ha no chance. if obama win ohio the race is over. rt hijorge so sexy. rt prestigedumonde voting is sexy. cast your election2012 vote now. societyrt xjessi lmao i loved waking up to this from my mom. election2012 votewhite romneyryan2012  barackobama yet every september 11th. the whole usa watch the worst terrorist attack in world history a 300 ppl die wtf is wrongrt realmreynolds rt sarahpompei clermont county oh ave 50 ballot per hour. normally 15 per hour. did i mention that s a big gop co ..rt barackobama we re coming to the end of a long campaign all that s left to do is get out the vote. let s win this. -bogood luck to romney time for change. yes he canit sure feel good 2 votenotwice ourvotemn mn4allfamilies ivoted obama2012 barackobama ofa_mnrt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012 skinnyghost tonydowler olde_fortran dude that s mittromney. topicali feel like just eating a pizza with mad peperoni on it obama collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012 rt g_twos vote for tru teamrespectus laurenarren thecinemafan maximummiley sandrawalker875 sweetromancered sexylil_phoenix jo .. barackobama you are great forward ever africa s behind you.. matthewnobrega yea my dude gary libertarian teaparty middleclass bethefivepercentrt bbcnewsus the economy iran healthcare abortion - what would romney and obama do differently on key us election2012 issue ht ..black power obamaonce you got black you never go back obama barackobama today always be doing something go obama go election2012fraud obama mural in philadelphia polling place ncpol p2 lnyhbt msnbc cnn abc cbs tcotrt abc watch exclusive election night preshow coverage - streaming now election2012rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 .. ladysluvcoleman i cherish life a an american too much to vote for obama. nobama2012 vote for real issue romneyryan2012romney or australia romneyryan2012 creedboboyer barackobama we love you president here s to 4 more may god continue to bless you amp your family a you lead our country rt selfmade_tye don t make a mittstake vote obama2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt britishgq his re-election is not inevitable but barackobama is on course for 4 more year election2012 here s a first obama-romney tie in dixville notch early vote each received 5 vote election2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom .. obama cry on stage last night made me sick the ultimate in narcissism while ppl w real tear cry over sandy oh pa wi nh nc flrt frogsupply i have spent countless day away from my family sacrificing for you to have the right to vote today. yes even you democr ..rt nicole_marie_23 enough said romneyryan2012  barackobama favored to win colorado -210 iowa -425 ohio -420 virginia -210 amp wisconsin -800 mittromney -210 to win florida.rt 5fdpchriskael i wish today that i wa a californian so that i could vote on an issue that actually affect me - keeping porn condom ..vote for the presidential state and local candidate who support policy that empower our communities. vote wisely election2012rt theflacracker those are our jet again. romney win teaparty tcot gop rushlimbaughrt danabrams as much a the medium love to focus on worst case scenario i ll bet we know who is going to win election2012 by 9pm to ..rt globalpost . motherjones is mapping voter suppression and poll problem election2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012mt momsrising today s the day let s use our outside voice vote pls rt this friendly reminder election2012 mittromney i hate you you not going to be the next president haha your funny no one want you rt eyeluv2laff rt whatsupdoc96 special forces and navy seals head to polls counter black panther presence tcot hannity is panicking. he is tweeting conspiracy all over the place. so when obama win tonight iam going to watch his head explode.rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolrt jnbruce rt mdspry unfortunately no matter how the election go today stephen harper will still be the prime minister tomorrow. .. donniewahlberg that said i do hope america get it right and votes for obama just my little ol opinion -  mittromney dont forget to voteobamart misslisadawnd educate yourself amp read rt huffingtonpost what is the electoral college how it work amp why it matter htt .. election2012 prediction - we will not know who won ohio on election day but obama will have 276 electoral vote by 12 30i m on my way to make the white house white again romneyryan2012rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known american election i m team obama that romney bloke seems really false like a character from a cheesy american sitcomrt damionsmith4 mitt romney is losing in massachusetts a state he governed. why vote for him when his own people don t want him oba ..finish line fir my vote. scanner obama get out n vote.. obamart accelerated123 vote for the mormon not the moron romneyryan2012rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word .. vote barackobama i don t have time for higher interest rates on my loans yafeelme rt katewalsh women this election matters access to health care funding for planned parenthood. that s why i am voting for barackoba ..rt alynch_22 partyofonee today desides whether im moving to canada or not.. obama2012 move regardless hahart fran_tarkenton voting is the foundational act that breathes life into the principle of the consent of the governed. -deforest soar ..re-electing obama is like backing the titanic up and hitting the iceberg a second time lol dying romneyryan2012rt spiffys_girl mittromney fuck youu fuck youu youu racist basterd oowe dont lemme catch youu alone beatthatass teamobama boyyuuhh noo rt mittromney a brighter future is out there waiting for us. let s choose it today. valuable and timely election day coupon for romneyryan2012 campaign staffer rt katyinindy after romneyryan2012 win tonight play this tomorrow ronald reagan tv ad its morning again in america .. voteobama is trending and promoted on twitter. slantedmediamuch voteromney realchange realrecovery realtalk romneyryan2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt aribloom over the last 4 yr i ve helped score of small business startup amp grow. i do that for a living amp i voted for b ..rt fuckromney__ fuck you sir mittromney mittromney sir even if you are elected president your plan won t stop me middle-class from going to college. even if i do end up broke afrt zztro if mittromney wins violence murder stealing an more will rise because people are struggling now he want u to struggle ..rt debramessing who are you voting for kayleighemilyxx obama a a woman who care about equal right equal pay health there ..vote for those who fought for the right forward obama rt jordan_budd off-campus polling location near ucf is full of student knightsforobama obama2012 rt gop reuters romney cast vote feel great about ohio gopmomentum tcothappy to see a lot of vsu student in line to vote hbcuvote obama2012 electionday2012pisses me off to no end when people try to say that people vote for romney because he s white. no it s because he s the better candidate.must read funny business in philly gop official booted black panthers return amp more tcot ccot teapartyrt rcdewinter the gop is determined to drag woman back to servitude and i will fight tooth and nail to make sure that doesn t ever .. paulryanvp plane just pulled up next to the mittromey plane just about blocking airforce2. planewars cnnour election2012 poll who would you rather vacation with romney obama biden or ryan traveltuesday tzoopoll mittromney said your mum smells..vote for him now i dare you obama mittwrongneyrt tattedupvon__ my president is black ..smokin on that gas obama rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012big-pimpin the va advertising mt peterpasi barackobama ha expandable but not takeover on richmond times-dispatch  nolovefromlouis yeah it s just like when my mom said she wa going to vote obama. nobama romneyryan2012rt u_lovemex3 i m a college student. so i need for barackobama to be reelected feeling like a good citizen voting romneyryan2012seriously i have never seen these many people tweet obama2012 funny thing is i have never seen them step foot in our office. 311 311cruise the choice is easy.. votemahoney election2012 lets make the gipper proud of america today in heaven so he can look down amp say mr. axelrod shave off that mustache. .. mittromney jblade114 mittromney would get way more vote if they gave away smoothy at the polls. white folk love smoviees workaholicsrt josanphoto photo waiting in line for barackobama vote at austin public library - carver branch rt numerologynow don t forget to support organized crime..vote obama romneythere s an important difference between people voting illegally and the deliberate manipulation obfuscation of vote voters. election2012 _elyssbella diandra_xo download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012why people hating on obama he will make a change obama2012 teamobamart itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt soccerprobs1 repost this on your instagram and tag obama so people that don t know will stop posting ballot picture smh ..rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt cuts_fades i wanna go to college the next three year obamai m considerably le than a vw amp yes gop mt jcrclarksonesq does anyone who weighs le than a volkswagen want mitt romney to win people that talk shit about obama are dumb. he care a lot more about u than romney ever would. romney is a piece of shit. obamart bankrollmarkus romney v obama. the baby know. rt picsell anamariecox our family exists mitt. and we vote ivoted obama2012 rt jbucknoff the real loser truth. romney ha wagered that fact can be ignored with impunity election2012 rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012can t we all just get a bong amp vote for barackobama today teamobama voting today with my fiance billstokes5 and my daughter her first time obama2012 mittromney mitt voted for you already this morning in nc. asap you need to do an emotional patriotic message on why you want to be pres.rt sistertoldjah icymi i have proudly cast my vote for romneyryan2012 patmccrorync amp danforestnc. go vote nc ncpol ncgo ..rt realmreynolds rt sarahpompei clermont county oh ave 50 ballot per hour. normally 15 per hour. did i mention that s a big gop co .. diplo i want you to dj my bday party in january when barackobama win please and gracias rt knowthistv brandyourself if you were affected by sandy you can vote anywhere in ny there s no reason to not cast your ballot t ..rt if you voted romneyryan2012 today loveofcountry tcotme too traceellisross i love voting i love seeing my neighbor at the polling place obama2012 barackobama vote2012rt arianareed_ gag. romney. gag gag gag gag romney. gag. obama yesplease voteforhumanity like. mittens romney will ruin everything. ..poll watch final 2012 national presidential survey poll dump tcot romney obamathis guy and only this guy. all day all evening all night. election election2012  donniewahlberg already did.. vote obama dominicans are barackobama s most enthusiastic latino voters via foxsnewslatino washhts inwood harlem electiondayrt thedailyshow tdsbreakingnews springsteen ride with barackobama on air force one. manages to somehow turn 2-hour flight into 4-ho ..congrats yahoonews homies - this is cool - news video photo and more in the election control room election2012 my si dawn amp i voted 2gthr this morning very excited amp staying prayerful at the same time wevotewewin obama2012we voted vote abuelita obama 2012elections votedforthefirsttime yeson30 noon32 vote today obama2012 obama vote vote4equality fuckyouromney forward rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..it s all about turnout now. get out there and vote. romneyryan2012rt uloveem_idougem done w all the election talk. i just hope obama win. but if we lose.. i call da spot n the cotton f ..rt mtvjams lmao-- rt ecooley3rd just heard romney say if he president that he will take away bet mtv jam and stephen a smith off ..the tea party will still run the states no matter who wins the presidency - via colorlines tcot p2rt fergie i have made my choice. my hope is 4 president barackobama 2 get reelected amp get more time 2 turn this country around. ..instead of obama and romney2012 how about garyjohnson voting d vote election2012 the_texan he s done soo much to help my life out obama2012 pumped because you voted we are rockthevote election2012 imsickof vote2012 electiondaynugget ha been running around the house cheering barackobama i couldn.t be more proud one word vote . rt domvignali cannot wait to vote my president out of office tomorrow romneyryan2012rt capitol_ideas how voterid is being treated at the poll across pennsylvania this morning. election2012  toasttherabbit blaiddwolfe barackobama he said it fixed after the machine wa reset no big deal at all.mitt romney- barack obama- election2012 romneyryan2012 rt real_gtweets i voted obama2012 fuckromney  merica. romneyryan2012 at trinity wealeyan rt getting_smart check out our favorite from election day coverage edtech edchat election2012so excited about voting today romneyryan2012. joestiglitz belief the world would vote for barackobama rt lauriebailey be sure to put on an extra pot of coffee when you get home tonight. this is going to be awesome romneyryan2012rt timcast video man vote for obama machine highlights romney. real or fake why you should vote obama romney electionday ivoted election2012 usa2012  anndromney mittromney he ha my votegot my red pant on today. proud republicanorbust mitt2012voting today for the first time in my life ayee romney ryan2012 prolifealso who the heck still us an aol.com email address in silicon valley election2012we have already have had change. it s time to change you out of office nobama romneyryan2012rt teamromney find your polling place romneyryan2012the supreme court ha ruled obamacare is constitutional but what does that mean vote obama2012 ellbeatz barackobama he s the sexiest old man everman the line i love waiting in line election2012 practic saint simon saint jude episcopal church i ve gone black-boy crazy he s gone white-girl hazy ain t no thinking maybe we re in love junglefever obama2012 orection barackobama cast my vote early last week for our wonderful potus and dems across the board obama2012 voteblue gotvget out and vote fellow americans early indication suggest long line for polling that s good for obama election2012poll watch final 2012 national presidential survey poll dump arg 2012 presidential poll barack o.. election2012rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012if barack wa a true leader he would say publically black panters intimidators - stand down. we want to win fairly. coward tcot dlrsrt zztro if mittromney wins i call the side of the cotton field with the most shade come in vote for barackobamart jessicachasmar obama shed tear at final campaign event times247 tcot tlot tiot4 more year probama election2012 rt fwforamerica bill nelson voted for obamacare tarp and the stimulus. rt to tell your friend bill nelson is bad for florida flse ..rt wadefultondean this is why i vote. by any mean necessary. obama2012  kk2nite mittromney thanks patriotsrt lilduval . barackobama u gon get my as beat cuz these white folk at this booth looking at me like they know i m voting for urt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 popledge don t vote romney vote laurasteelmusic and barackobama rt 1supremegoddess prayers rt suzibasterd let s hope this election is decided upon by the voter not the lawyers. amen. twister ..check out reuters election2012 microsite uspolirt fuckromney__ fuck you sir mittromneyenough said obama rt jaay_johnson i cannot wait to find out who won this election . obama election2012 whether you vote forward or you are with teamromney. elect u for your after vote hang out  sarel_be either way romneyryan2012rt mittromney obama promised to solve the housing crisis he s failed to make an impact. homeowners are struggling election2012rt abc watch exclusive election night preshow coverage - streaming now election2012rt smkegudfukbetta i already voted obama juggieofno leak words are power intro 504unit feat. barackobama via youtube wordsarepower coming rt obama election yes we can..d like this election wa decided along time ago amp nothing gonna change it that obama will still kick his foot up in that whitehouseahh i love the smell of politics in the air this morning election2012 merica i m voting for ron paul because he s going to give me hooker and coke. election2012 fartgunrt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..have you seen how mitt romney is rigging the election wtf mittromney go home romney you cunt no one like you dminor85 it going to be a great day for romney and an even better day for america god bless the usa  barackobama ..done thank jengrunwald for making this i voted sticker featuring captainamerica election2012rt realbigghomie you can vote up unitl 8 00 hit dem polls up obama2012rt soccerprobs1 repost this on your instagram and tag obama so people that don t know will stop posting ballot picture smh .. barackobama if you follow me ill make sure you win the election. got some serious contact in the us politics game.we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012im at the kappa house on crenshaw about to cast my vote. i am overwhelmed with joy at this moment obama2012rt huffpostpol watch voting machine allegedly register obama vote a romney vote election2012you don t have post a pic if ya ballot just go vote you don t have shit to prove vote obama rt therealkaylabea i m super nervous about this election y all believe romneyryan2012  obama v romney whales v cows uselection choice v worldwide lifestyle choice take a break from vote2012rt barackobama if he can find the time to make call today so can you rt gracie2289 wearing red all day election2012 rommeyryan2012 nobamart omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..rt magicjohnson busy morning - did 6 radio interview in battleground state talking about barackobama amp cjbycookie just got fin ..rt michelleobama today is the day we re-elect barackobama it s going to be a good one i can t deal with y all yo twistedtuesdays obama2012why vote for barackobama big bird s counting on you rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt dhrxsol1234 you changed your clocks don t forget to change your president tcot p2 tlotback of the car today mittromney anndromney republicangop oreillyfactor crnc  edparry pretty much everyone outside of the us is obama2012rt bbcworld what you tell a pollster is not the same a casting a vote - bbcmarkmardell on us election2012 s unpredictability http ..rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolrt bloombergview why you should fear romney s tax plan -- chart election2012how d it go prelection for iphone forward benghazi vote2012 energy health capitalism gop stein blackrt bigbotchoppa i ll paint mittromney house all white for him cause he not gettin in the white house.. obama2012 choppart fastcoexist survey says..neither obama nor romney have inspired much hope in voter election2012rt gop reuters romney cast vote feel great about ohio gopmomentum tcotstreet cashin vote it nomination time obamart literallyfedup remember when obama shoved obamacare down our throat today we shove obamacare up his a ..rt itsfunnylife retweet for obama2012 favorite for romney2012 .rt ap election watch president obama congratulates mitt romney on a spirited campaign election2012 -rasrt paulmccartney paul mccartney sends his support to barackobama thedemocrats election2012 rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..i ll say one thing about election2012 in usa. americans think worldwide vote for obama. obama2012 obama is the guy. jennayherron girltrueheart tony_ginger barackobama whoohoo rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012i voted obama2012 rt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. mo66 of worker don t share their political affiliation at work according to new cb survey election2012 careermaybe this time it s gonna happen..happen sometime..maybe this time i ll win election2012 votinginmusicaltheatrelyricsrt ronniejordan anybody who s ever gotten financial aid for college should be voting for obama2012rt michellektwit election2012 let the game begin ..rt smirk451 ok look obama isnt the best he but he tryin to help young kid better there future not only black but white to.. rom .. barackobama a co-worker said our vote doesn t count in georgia because of the electoral. don t worry i voted do your best mr. president it s election day and it s not too late to volunteer for barackobama ofa_ca ca2012 wedecidert paulryanvp . mittromney amp i have a real plan that put america back on track. vote today for the real recovery america deserves ..rt shaloskyc you sheeple who still claim there s no election fraud only reason franken won minn. senate. rpof ..its neck amp neck right now obama frittata v romney omelette the incumbent is ahead by 1 dish. election2012 votert zztro if mittromney wins grabs skee mask an load up the 9  cluelessbutdumb election2012 why should we elect someone who won t win their home state truestory sydd happy voting obama biden election2012 self timerrt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt tylertiblier i don t understand some people logic. if you want a job vote romneyyu know it official when yu press that red button to cast your vote obama2012 cbs4vote rt miguelcbs4 cbsmiami only sfl station to interview barackobama on election day defede cbs4vote so i respect people who vote and who they ll vote for but if your voting for romney ill just tell you to fuckoff. k k.the only way mitt romney would get my vote is if he wa on survivor and i voted him off the island lol obama2012lord let your will be done election2012i just voted. on election day. like a real american. romneyryan2012 lt lt not even true thundercatrawwr most of y all are just voting for obama because he black. rt lukemitchell__ if i were american i d vote obama. presidentialelectioni m getting fucked up in a suit tonight election2012voter 210 at hinton township obamart dacoldseason jacobboucher14 why can t your brother be a smart a you romneyryan2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012my president is black obama2012 vote 300voted just now had dt smirk on wen i circled obama ovum romney. obama2012rt lilduval . mittromney i ain t gon front everybody in my neighborhood voting for u.just got out of a meeting. now off to the poll obama2012swag me out obama2012 rt bbcnewsus the economy iran healthcare abortion - what would romney and obama do differently on key us election2012 issue ht ..rt chiefbrody1984 romney v obama. the baby know. rt hot1039sc do not post pic of your ballot online it can void your vote send pic of ur sticker or pin only election2012have you voted if not go right now. election2012 noexcuses nobamart socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012 katyperry this is the part of me that you re never gonna ever take away from me voteobama obama2012 forwardrt a_krizanovic i wa never gonna tweet about the election but who even think about taking tampon away that s messed up perve romneyroflmao pic obama obamacare emc pickup trucks in austin texas bush sign on window vote romneyryan2012 rt reallilscrappy go vote for barackobama asap fooi ve been waiting 4 year for this i can wait 4 hour in line.. good point old man romneyryan2012rt tcotonleftcoast . barackobama tell your thug in philly and everywhere else to stop intimidating voter and letmypeoplevotei ll be so happy to not have to see romney s face ever again once obama win i played ball in texas and i thought i wa a banned for being black georgebush aint nothing like barackobama bwsbyrd ijsrt globalpost . motherjones is mapping voter suppression and poll problem election2012 indiana not sure wheretovote check out here go out and vote for freedom tcot romeny latino woman jobplease go out amp vote obamaall i know is that america better fucking pull through tonight otherwise this society will be shit. obama2012  election2012 is about voting to legalize weed to cure cancer amp every other problem under the sun rt ericpjoness i voted obama2012rt mattbrat1 we can bank online. why can t we vote online innovations election2012rt bbcnewsus the economy iran healthcare abortion - what would romney and obama do differently on key us election2012 issue ht ..dear obama i would like to let you know that my back hurt and my foot are throbbing from standing in these line firsttimevoteronly alyssabrooke015.. if obama win we can move to france then that way i ll really be a nigga in paris romneyryan2012i m very proud that i exercised my right to vote today a well a take someone to vote election2012who want to hear a funny joke i have an ear infection. oops killme obama2012rt huffingtonpost do the candidate care about the veteran vote election2012 rt annabellalella holding my breath starting now.. election2012rt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. mort collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012driving many mile to vote today because i believe one vote really doe matter.. gome obama2012rt ryannewyork shout out to amazing people working obama2012 gotv 4 year ago i ran gotv triage for obama in manchester nh .. obama romney bobby boucher election2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt djpooh your vote is your choice. just vote obama 2012 sneaky laugh rt kalidtooraww my president is black my twitter is blue. i m voting for obama the f ck romney gonna do obama2012rt nekeyab chucksb4heels ghost_noswag romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama rt acrusoejr romney v obama. the baby know. no luck with facebook gifts giftivo offers more customizable recommendations filtered by price tlot amagi tcotrt ocamericans fox alert in pa republican volunteers thrown out of polling places rnc just took legal action teaparty tcot romne ..as a mormon romney belief he will inherit a planet when he dies. interesting that he also belief he shld inherit a country while alivei m an equality socialist and voted obama barackobama ofa_co romney i love american democracy. i m good friend with the owner of it -- andy borowitzone term more via youtube barakobama washington romney vote michelleobama whitehouse love my nephew obama will win rt beverlywilshire it s election day make sure to vote election2012 rt pjkansas just voted for romney ryan straight republican ticket. romneyryan2012voted for the first time. election2012 firsttimevoter get off twitter and vote obama2012if romney doe win i really don t think that a law will pas making abortion illegal. it will have to go thru too many others. choicert hexmurda if u vote for mittromney uahoe. mittromney praying for you mitt and paul breakfast wa carter is full and ko d i voted now it s time to roll up n watch obama take the thrown for another 4 yr rt inhalecali_280 real_gtweets i voted obama2012 fuckromney rt teamromney . mittromney today s increase in the unemployment rate is a sad reminder that the economy is at a virtual standstill. .. _cherishme_ we coo nd all but damn obama nigga i need all my end loldear obama just drop out of the race. if you win there will be a lot of people volunteering a tribute. nobama election2012 romneyromney ha hope for millionaire obama ha hope for million voteobama election2012rt judgejimgrayvp remember there is an alternative to barackobama mittromney and the status quo govgaryjohnson. .. gullypete wakaflockabsm download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012for insomniac uk viewer election2012rt callmemari__ rt ghost_noswag romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama rt kayla_d714 collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan elect ..someone who isn t voting go vote for me cause i m not allowed to romneyryan2012rt lilduval . mittromney so u not gon reply huh u ain t tryn to be presidentrt feel_destweets i want to graduate from college.. that speaks for itself.. election2012happy election day voteordie election2012graphic novel on election2012 by the guardian_uk via artnitephoto love my nephew obama will win happy election day hoee obama2012 zhouyilu even barackobama didn t disclose who he voted. he voted himself with 99 probability. protip rt alexkirryksl kslpolitics election2012 voting tip like the tsa poll worker do not appreciate bomb jokes.i swear the girl next to me wa cheating off my ballot. she should have studied. election2012the padre just told me were moving back to the mothercountry if romney win obama2012rt if you ve voted already or a first-time voter election2012 romney want to take away weave seamestreet and bridge card all the stuff black people car aboutelection day.. youngrepublican letmyparentssurvive romneyrt fillthechair the dow is happy happy happy. investors have a good feeling that romney is being elected today. tcot ccot gop ..rt denverchannel romney still campaigning obama to play basketball on election2012 been in line for one hour now. election2012 vote vote2012 ralphtresvant i m voting 4 the candidate who support education amp our child s future more funding for education not jail obamart globalpost . motherjones is mapping voter suppression and poll problem election2012kosgei you like obama kosgeybett kim_nek barbie_babz starkolix kabisa since my tl wa full of kogello and obama politicsguess what mittromney lied about chrysler sending jeep to china. his reward from chrysler wa they gave the company today off to vote oopscheck out the aclu liberty watch candidate report now. guess who get an f aclu vote 2012election romney dnc  anndromney mittromney we love you ann.. amp mitt waving sign for you today  mittromney mitt you received my vote gop romneyryan2012 victorylong line but moved steadily only took about 40 minutes. lot of friendly voter mtnview swvavotes obama2012 mattkatula the recall only cost 25million to elect him twice gop firefly57 foxnews fxnscitech karen4congress dwstweets . at what firedebbie nomoreyears romneyryan2012rt verifiedwhitney obama 49 romney 49 it s a tie. voteobama obama2012for insomniac uk viewer election2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012quite a privilege to get one of these in my hand election2012  barackobama you re gonna win. i know it hailobama voteobamart ryangop breitbart election judge wears obama hat in obama s home ward illegalelectioneering tcotyo yo yo yo_randyjackson..your blue twitter check mark match the blue of barackobama teamobama s campaign.. voteobamawoke up to which is symbolic. with a mittromney victory america can have a bright future  heritage romneyryan2012 i voted for love of country heritagefan im against abortion but i like when people with foodstamps cook me dinner. romney2012 romney republican about to vote in a little romneyrt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012 lynncareysaylor gotta love the new york post.. lnyhbt romneyryan gopme and bob marley love voting. obama rt tamarbraxtonher get your life amp vote obama2012 stop what you re doing and go vote election2012just voted with my sister and my dad. obamart gop philadelphia polling place puts voting booths next to obama mural tcotrt chiefbrody1984 romney v obama. the baby know. rt romneyresponse . robportman video we will win ohio romneyryan2012 tcotrt hotboyfletcher um so hiimm i gt vip n da voting line gt dne n bout 15 ta 20 min n and out obama fa da thugs every woman need to make it to the poll today. there s too much at stake in this election. we ve come too far to turn back now obama2012happy election day to our neighbour to the south looking forward to the news coverage tonight. election2012i think i speak for a lot of people by saying that i wish obama had been a good president. he wasn t. time to let him go. tcot romneyryanhappy election day i voted for my very first time today voter number 97 baby electionday election2012 usart teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolrt hcfpac rt if you proudly voted for a conservative today romneyryan gop tcotrt thedemocrats rt barackobama we re coming to the end of a long campaign all that s left to do is get out the vote. let s win this. -bofinally tcot tlot vrwcwhat grinds my gears election 2012 edition govote teamobama teamromney election2012 barackobama rt if you for obama lt 3 i got yo back rt thelovable_herr retweet for obama favorite for romney katyperry got my mask now time to vote voteformytwin obama2012  barrackobama or mittromney if u need a better america make your choise but dont mr..66 cnn bet rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt reklecounte i voted. clear eyes full hearts america can t lose romneyryan2012america the world is watching you and urging you to voteobama. godspeed election2012on multiple occasion i ve claimed nothing significant happens between vegas amp philly. prove me wrong cincinnati elect mittromneyrt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012casted my vote govote election2012rt fran_tarkenton voting is the foundational act that breathes life into the principle of the consent of the governed. -deforest soar ..uhh..he steal everything..including limelight huffingtonpost mitt romney steal colbert s line election2012  mittromney stop in at case western restaurant the jolly scholar across from cleveland clinic. undecided voters. matt vann is ownerthis election its really vote or die. so go vote. ik i did the first day of early voting. barackobama is for the people. teamobamart p0ll early poll results obama 62 of the 57 poll election detail obama romney votingrt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012oh sure this the nfl admits wa a mistake. tcot tlot vrwcie 302 let me go so i can go vote election2012 romneyryan2012rt itstycun __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama let s make ..rt ecumittromney rt if you voted for america s comeback team romneyryan2012rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt sadie_deedee realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan2012 vote2012 vote black 4 ro ..rt shannonmshelly voted lets go barackobama agounardes  cyclingforharry barackobama officaltulisa we ll forgive you tulisa if you vote him out this week  mittromney i do believe what i just stated is protected by the 1st amendment so yeah good luck buddy. let s have a fair election.oh hell no this girl did not just put romney i m gonna lose it..rt zztro if mittromney win lilboosie never getting out -__-rt frankieboyle an exciting day for anyone interested in which of two very slightly different accent we hear war declared on iran el ..team obama team democratic rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012today is the day. please vote and vote conservative. america deserves and need mitt romney. believeinamerica romneyryan2012 vote2012so much obama love in my feed right now. i follow quality people romney ryan landslide. retweet like and or share if you agree romney don t let me down america. election2012 rt jamices everyone complaining about how this country need change. why would we vote for the same guy then romneyryan2012i voted for the first time ever d romneyryan2012 rockthevote rt josephthenigga fuck mittromney rt ohshedopeaf mitt romney losing in massachusetts a state that he governed. why vote for him when his own people don t want him oba .. rogers4rep greeting belmont voter between call election2012  romneyryan2012 im going to troll so hard when he wins.i voted right when i wa 18.. doing it again today obama2012rt getbackk_hoe barackobama good luck  rileighgerhart katiekanaby come at me brah obama election2012 dusty the psychic dog predicts romney win  mittromney there s nobody but white people in all of your twit pics. and all your flyer are bashing obama.when u vote today remember it s not what obama ha done. he didn t work alone he had every dem on his side romneyryan2012 pa lnyhbtall i want to do is curl up on my couch and watch fox news. romneyryan2012rt lilduval . mittromney i m in the poll booth right now u stop my child support ill vote for u. what up rt mittromney virginia is a crucial state in this election amp your vote could make the difference. please get out and vote today. ..interesting rt bizbash_news election poll 55 of event professionals voting for obama election2012 eventprofs rt unclerush proud to cast my vote for barackobama rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..rt lukemitchell__ if i were american i d vote obama. presidentialelectionelection day it s what happens after today that really matter election2012i just teared up listening to barackobama..i don t think i should be around princess914 today she s gonna have me sobbing if you haven t go do it vote election2012  barackobama yes we can.rt verifiedwhitney obama 49 romney 49 it s a tie. voteobama obama2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012 davidlimbaugh we already saw with the passing of the start treaty before a cr last time. nothing like a wounded powerful politician obamart agentm thank jengrunwald for making this i voted sticker featuring captainamerica election2012it s official i just voted forward obama 4moreyearsrt virgiltexas if obama gets reelected i swear i m moving to check list of country more libertarian than the us trans-somalian di ..no matter your political affiliation get out and vote today election2012rt theylovekendrea wtf you voted for romney unfollows . . .rt notrichnotbroke you not sittn yo baldhead as in the whitehouse mittromneyrt ap election watch pregnant chicago woman doesn t let being in labor stop her from voting election2012 -rasok day work done time to watch barackobama get re elected obama election2012 uselection12happy election day. get out and vote people d election2012rt vrwctexan newblackpantherparty member in uniform spotted at same philadelphia polling station tcotrt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..let s go obama2012 i m pretty confident that no matter who win this election my life will turn out pretty much the same. even so romneyryan2012romney ryan landslide. retweet like and or share if you agree romney best friend texts. republican romney rightchoice rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..make sure you rock the vote today election2012 ypn realtors usa prop38 nahrep areaa cbsla ktla carypn vote bni toastmasterrt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012can t we all just get along nope election2012 teamobama teamromneywearing blue today. not a coincidence. obamart balleveryday_11 man vote today cause our mfkin life depends on it obamart thereyrodriguez i ll either cry tear of joy tonight or tear of true sadness. please god let a real leader occupy the white hous ..seriously hoping obama get elected again. come on obama rt verifiedwhitney romney cannot win he don t give a fuck about us. vote for someone who do which is obama voteobama obama2012 barackobama antonlapera if i wasn t running against you for president i would of definitely voted for you. yeah same goodluckrt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..ayo barackobama if you lose i gotta unfollow you sorry dawgrt nowthisnews joe scarborough predicts r ..rt lolgop the candidate who know that if every citizen can vote they ll lose romneyryan2012 barackobama time to leave mittromneyrt p0ll early poll results obama 62 of the 57 poll election detail obama romney votingrt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolrt nowthisnews matt dowd predicts obama rt perpetualgogy check your polling place it may have changed mine did in las vegas visit election2012steady voter traffic in johnston a voting begins planetromney romneycentral comm1tt3d mittnews teamromney barackobama please follow me on twitter p.s. you win tonightisraeli paper obama adviser valerie jarrett holding secret talks with iran election2012 tcot ocra teapartyi feel patriotic a fuck obama2012if romney win we ll look back at his term and probably call it back to the future rt fastcoexist survey says..neither obama nor romney have inspired much hope in voter election2012a lot of the people on the romney hashtag are basing their political view around religious values. well done.canadians are more interested in american election than our own elections.. obama2012 repost ..plz do not post your ballot on social network .. obama loses the vote .. rt livel0velexy praying that obama win obama2012 rt chrisastro i voted election2012 d arianna_gaffney jackie_pann44 you should be ashamed of yourself.. but since your not voting i m not going to get into it. obama2012 i just voted and no id wa required nor requested. gony voteobama obama2012rt ryannewyork smart people to follow for election2012 chrisgeidner ariberman markknoller thinkprogress mattyglesias daveweige ..rt andrewluck23 all i have is provided by god not govt. i am simply the steward. the govt is wrong to redistribute. proverbs 6 6-11 j ..600 vote is a lot to lose romney wa behind him 2 and he lost 3 so y all do the math fergie barackobama yes and this way woman s right won t be scrapped.because voting romney mean stepping backwards especially for women.good look barackobama hope you can win the us election today really like you and you are an all round nice bloke. voteobamaelection coverage and coffee on a rainy day glad i voted early obama2012 it s always a little weird coming back to my old middle school on election days. where are everyone else s voting precinct election2012 csareb we re holding our breath here in europe.. may the vote be with you - electionanxiety fourmoreyears obamart united_ignited insanity doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. obama failed move forward to r ..i voted so now its your turn obama2012 rt mittromney a brighter future is out there waiting for us. let s choose it today. some say it take 7 time to form a habit. why not start you habitual voting today election2012 rnc dn rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known just finished voting for the first time election2012 voteobamart gallagherthegr8 d_mccollough980 breaking tony romo went to cast his ballot this morning and it got intercepted and returnd for a ..if you see voter id required sign or voter intimidation in progress get a photo and call call 855 834-8683. obama2012 tcot p2 gotvalready voted it s ok to brag about it voteobama elections2012 romney latismgot that vote in obama rt fergie i have made my choice. my hope is 4 president barackobama 2 get reelected amp get more time 2 turn this country around. ..rt defendpaulryan rt if you voted romneyryan2012 today loveofcountry tcot __pariss lakergangordie_ we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 4moreyears  donniewahlberg i voted before work election2012 votert wltx rt jstyleswltx stay in line and be patient don t let long line deter your vote election2012rt theroot247 are you having problem voting tweet u at therootvote and tell u what s happening. election election2012if you are of age please go vote today. election2012i did not voted bcoz im not american but i support obama so please vote obama obama2012rt tommyfromatown this should tell you something.. obama take the day off while romney keep working til the end. romney wont st ..rt duckin_fope shut the fuck up.. rt mittromney a brighter future is out there waiting for us. let s choose it today. .. anndromney mittromney does that mean cheat at polls destroy ballets suppress votes or any dishonesty to win or all above watching cnn alone in the tsc wheredoivote procrastinationatitsfinest romneyryan2012 ohiort ohthatsdonnie lol this ha to be te funniest obama pic i seen lol look him in his face obama2012 obama4yomama rt defendpaulryan rt if you voted romneyryan2012 today loveofcountry tcotexclusive security official on the ground in libya challenge cia account america vote2012 govote voteobama gop rt thesavvy war rt bthockey let s win this one for andrew breitbart. romneyryan2012rt shadbrricks rt barackobama you see u you better run nigga bullet hot like the sun nigga. and so it begins. pa reddit user show a voting machine recording obama vote for romney patchelections..  adamamerica24 nah - slight resemblance maybe you set for this evening election2012rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt alizabeth98 i really really really wish i could vote romneyryan2012rt naaschouston spelmancollege happy voting day spelman sisters election2012 electionday2012 spelmanwomenvoteoh yes i did voteordie obama electionday i voted teamromney nobama election2012 firsttimevoting feltgood big shout to thedatefarmers for this 08 contribution to the movement of barackobama. glad to say i own an ap of it hahaha hanzi if u voting for barackobama you obviously don t have a job or you get food stamps.yeah americans. lolrt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt prelection results prelection president house senate vote election vote2012 romney obama garyjohnson ..rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012it s so exciting to think that by this time tomorrow we ll have a protracted legal battle for president of the united states. election2012rt feel_destweets i want to graduate from college.. that speaks for itself.. election2012rt kenyaw remember a president barackobama said last night don t boo vote teamobama obama2012pieceful city washington d.c by des amp lisa n brownlie washingtondc washington election election2012 dc usa barackobama don t ever thk your vote doesn t matter. don t ever let any1 tell you your voice can t make a difference. president obama rt prisonpolicy jean trounstine on prison-based gerrymandering on election day in bostonmagazine . election2 ..rt callmemari__ rt ghost_noswag romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama  aiannucci hi armando i ve written a hard-hitting but short-ish blog about the us election2012 stuff please read amp rtrt princesammie seeing the votetweets on my timeline is so refreshing. stand for something or fall for anything. obamahappy election day please go out and vote election2012 dewitte92 i agree romneyryan2012rt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. mort huffpostpol right-wing group barred from ohio polling station election2012i had a dream last night that barackobama win the election . my dream always come true rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012on my way to vote romneyryan2012waited in line behind a right winged conspiracy theorist to cast my ballot. the thing we endure to exercise our freedoms. election2012we voted romneyryan2012 clear eyes. full hearts. can t lose. romneyryan2012it s never too early for hookah when you niggys are trying to ruin my future . bar election2012 letusprayrt fergie i have made my choice. my hope is 4 president barackobama 2 get reelected amp get more time 2 turn this country around. ..i m not voting this year but obama all the way. evalongoria sostazoo us election voting start check out the public s opinion on the candidate election2012everyone please go out and vote it s your right..every vote counts make your voice heard election2012rt ethegoddess i voted to supersize it with extra cheese. election2012rt cloewearsjeans attention people spread the word obama2012 rt taylored_jet30 it s funny all of the rich kid are romneyryan2012 sitdownrt lindsolenic soo true.. obama rt usahipster music video gt college students message to obama fool me twice no romneyryan2012 barackobama we re coming to the end of a long campaign all that s left to do is get out the vote. let s win this. -bo1john2 9 he that saith he is in the light and hateth his brother is in darkness even until now. now what were you saying libdem tcotrt hav99 huffpostpol right-wing group barred from ohio polling station election2012 today is the day romneyryan2012 nobamart lenacordell election time..let s do this merica. election2012 romneyryan2012 onetermpresident nastytime i m off tomorrow so if obama win i m turning up one time  _patrick_wolf barackobama my finger are crossed that i won t have to hold you to this rt uloveem_idougem done w all the election talk. i just hope obama win. but if we lose.. i call da spot n the cotton f ..learned a new word while standing in the voting line. election2012 timenotwasted integumentary tonights election drinking game is drink when joe biden drinks. election2012when romney win the election obama can do the walk of shame nobama romneyryan2012 barackobama you count with my vote rt glamliza82 i vote for barackobama cuz he support lgbt amp care about ppl that need help on hospital.mitt dont know what he is t .. dilpz_singh me eitherr i am still an indian citizen but fo real obamart barbi_twins military died so we could vote move over romney amp obama barbi twins green tea speaks4 animal ..rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known  realdonaldtrump me voting-- it really is my hair your hair voted for barackobama folliclesmakemoresensert propublica if having one of longest ballot in florida history wasn t enough absentee voter had to deal with this ..rt gaycivilrights vote fraud voting machine shows romney after voter chooses obama p2 lgbt glbt topprog tlo ..rt sam_dollery wish i wa american so i could vote obamart imagineprints photo voters in philadelphia forced to vote next to giant obama mural via twitchyteam usnavy ..rt spellsbadbarbie remember ohio and florida voter if you are in line they cannot close the polls. swingstatehell ohiovoter elect ..rt globalpost . motherjones is mapping voter suppression and poll problem election2012rt defendpaulryan rt if you voted romneyryan2012 today loveofcountry tcot election2012 is finally over after today so celebrate the end of political ad with an ultimate 6er.  gt all the news you need at the patriot briefing at pls rt tcot teaparty ctxpacrt boratsagdiyevv do not vote for this mittromney he will ban porn. retweet to spread this message.rt agentm thank jengrunwald for making this i voted sticker featuring captainamerica election2012 gt all the news you need at the patriot briefing at pls rt tcot teaparty ctxpacrt prelection share now prelection president house senate vote election vote2012 romney obama garyjohns ..rt vanessairma04 there s nothing i love more than pissing people off who take thing way too serious romneyrt vote411 attn ny voter those impacted by sandy can vote at any polling place. gotv election2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt frankieboyle an exciting day for anyone interested in which of two very slightly different accent we hear war declared on iran el .. therock mittromney barackobama romney s success answer that question don t ya think selfmademan hardworkon multiple occasion i ve claimed nothing significant happens between vegas amp philly. prove me wrong desmoines elect mittromneyman on the ground alexperaldo how s it looking in n.carolina election2012bissmillahirohmanirohim sucess for u..rt barackobama today always be doing something without obamacare my dad s surgery for his prostate cancer would ve bankrupted us. thank you barackobama for helping my dad get better.polls have been heavy and chaotic today. i had to wait in line for almost an hour election2012 voteelection party tonight erneys 32 4200 manchester ave vote election2012 obama romneyrt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt nothanksiamfull hey barackobama i can t wait until you re not president . therightwayrt dchriston rt realbigghomie you can vote up unitl 8 00 hit dem polls up obama2012rt lukemitchell__ if i were american i d vote obama. presidentialelectionmy song for barackobama vote2012rt reynoldsofa check out barackobama working the phone for gotv effort. join in rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt ironman1776 obama take election day off sends biden to ohio. more 2 from obama. cantafford4more romneyryan2012 tcoti love hearing gov romney cause thats actually what he going to be he for for atleast 4 year obamago out and vote for obama obama obama votethank god i early voted. nolines obama2012rt thatswatsyisaid if romney win all i m going to do is laugh in 4 year when the economy is still bad. you can fix a lot in 4 year ..3 full hour in line waiting to vote this am in northern va. election2012 lots of young people out amp voting good to see rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012we can t say it enough save your business. save your job get out and vote for mittromney today smallbiz smallbizchat smallbusinessexercise your right vote election2012 america rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da .. richardgrenell do u understand hw dangerous th is 2 americans obama2012 obamabiden2012 obamawhen will we know obama ha won rt frogsupply i have spent countless day away from my family sacrificing for you to have the right to vote today. yes even you democr ..rt gop reuters romney cast vote feel great about ohio gopmomentum tcotrt chrisrbarron rt twiloguy73 gaywars yes gay and i voted for romneyryan2012 my boyfriend s gay too and he voted for mitt. goproudrt danny2breezy vote barackobama for president. he s good with kid thatisall posing with my cupcake sugar topper - have you voted yet vote election election2012 cupcake hunk men ivotedexclusive security official on the ground in libya challenge cia account gop tcot p2 tcot tiot teaparty resis rt __xtruesh_t retweet for obama . fav for romney . hilltophereford that photo of obama is amazing votedemocrat forwardnotbackrt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt oldivory oregon election worker fired for altering ballot to republican straight ticket p2 tcot i got 99 problem but a mitt ain t one team barry obama2012  gop voter suppressors are going to whine scream blame amp lie all the way to jail while americans stand amp cheer gop perp walks 2 jail  mittromney proud to say that i am not voting for revenge but for the love of my country romney ryan2012seriously.. obama2012 forward sorrynotsorry rt lilduval . barackobama i know u got the bubble guts. i get them everytime i m bout to do a show tonibraxton check out part i of interview with legendary charles dutton re obama effect forward obama2012rt globalpost . motherjones is mapping voter suppression and poll problem election2012rt _bobby_boucher_ obama romney bobby boucher election2012these nigga and these ballot pic fukin up obamart bamabelleprobs we have the opportunity to make a difference. to change thing and better them in our country. take this opportunity ..hopefully you lose today mittromneyrt iyaliarleen sorry my parent can t afford baylor on their own can t shit money so financial aid need to stay around obama2012 ..rt coleman_declan i m genuinely stumped a to how romney and obama are neck and neck. has anyone actually listened to romney s polic ..also remember if you don t exercise your right to vote then you have no right to complain later.. so vote election2012rt e_keyys elections romney fuckobamart courtneytheppl i wonder if youngjeezy will come out with my presidents still black when barackobama win election2012rt defendpaulryan rt if you voted romneyryan2012 today loveofcountry tcotrt datechguyblog gop poll inspector being kicked out of polling place in philly ward 6 12 18 20 24 29 32 39 43 56 65 . ..i voted..barcat obama for prez buisnesscat election2012 democat purrpularvote in 2008 obama got elected because he had no record to run on. in 2012 he will lose because he can t run on his record. romenyryan2012rt ryannewyork shout out to amazing people working obama2012 gotv 4 year ago i ran gotv triage for obama in manchester nh ..rt zztro if mittromney wins i call the side of the cotton field with the most shade  cecemist traceellisross barackobama download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012you guy realize the issue plaguing our country don t go away after today right election2012rt michelleobama today is the day we re-elect barackobama it s going to be a good one photo vivalavintagee amp stop posting picture of ya bloodclart ballot obama2012 rt youareitalian nonna for president election2012im team obama btw but i only got to say it oncert wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012air force 2 follows mittromney to ohio air force 1 parked in chicago priorities..rt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. moto kaym12 don t worry barackobama will carry nj no matter what sandy ha done. in ed gillespie s wildest fantasy nj is not in play rt diner_deluxe its neck amp neck right now obama frittata v romney omelette the incumbent is ahead by 1 dish. election2012 votert numerologynow don t forget to support organized crime..vote obama romneyon a vote on a vote on a motherfuckin vote vote election2012 avada_kaydavra what if voldemort voted for obama instead doe his voted counted  brb y all gotta go vote. anyone wanna guess whom i am casting my ballot for n6 election2012 is done-- 4ward to 2016solidarity  wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt ihisloan mittromney sir do you have a plan if obama steal this election rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt dgriffin_waow get up to date election2012 result on our website at newsline9don t make a mittstake. haha. obama2012privileged to work with young people who vote not out of fear but out of compassion amp love for one another. election2012 voteobama 2012rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolrt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election20125 thing you can do right now to help make sure barackobama win rt cnnvalencia vice president joebiden ha made an unscheduled stop in cleveland ohio pool report ajthetruth24 mittromney if he win he closin the tiddy bars.. lol alot of u aint gone have a job lolamericans please use your brain today and vote for obama. equalityforall and if you don t canadians will make fun of you forever rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012rt thedemocrats rt barackobama we re coming to the end of a long campaign all that s left to do is get out the vote. let s win this. -bo mittromney hugh_hewitt free the less government. more fun. daily news - see what s important. tcot war mobrt lizzy_joness wish i wa 39 day older so i could vote romneyryan2012 uk trending topic right now include voteobama obama2012 election2012 if obama america and usa . we re clearly pretty worried.rt paulmccartney paul mccartney sends his support to barackobama thedemocrats election2012 rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpol miablove i m on ca but support you all the way best of luck today tcotcheck out my latest blog post featuring barackobama amp mittromney 2012election rt p0ll early poll results obama 62 of the 57 poll election detail obama romney votinggo vote romneyryan2012 patagonia please vote equalityforall when voting today i want to take a step into the future not a leap back into the past obama2012it s equally important to win the senate and hold the house vote mittromney and vote republican senate amp house seat tcot goprt nf3l seriously obama mural inside polling place in philly. no wonder they are kicking out gop official ..rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..voted hope everyone eligible make their voice heard. election2012 picframe interesting article in the nytimes about the republicans use of the term pro life election2012 i cast my ballot for barackobama because mittromney attacked woman s right amp healthcare. here s my proof rt co2hog palestinian mob attack and injures 3 israeli police in jerusalem tcotrt bettyfckinwhite reason to vote 69 wearing an i voted sticker will get you laid. election2012 romneyryan2012 ml odds of winning election are equal to the odds of the rams going to sf and beating 49ers. election2012 obamabastard wisco beck if obama win america will have to be destroyed. p2 tcot teahadistsrt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt peterulsteen every election is a sort of advance auction in stolen goods. - h.l. mencken election2012 votert genna_dgaf ihope amp pray obama winss.after today the white man will be back in the white house romneyryan2012don t forget to vote today teamobama democrate obama voteforobamahere s my prediction romney for the win 275-263. romneyryan2012 via 270towinrt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012i voted the alabama sticker isn t a cool at the georgia one though.. romneyryan2012 7 hour to go polling place in va. open until 7 pm - don t miss your chance to vote romneyryan2012 vagoprt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt frankieboyle an exciting day for anyone interested in which of two very slightly different accent we hear war declared on iran el ..rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known rt usahipster never forget. obama played over 100 rounds of golf while 25m americans are unemployed. vote romneyryan2012rt globalpost . motherjones is mapping voter suppression and poll problem election2012rt cafenetamerica video the real war on women is being waged by barack obama - obama2012 tcot job economy ..go vote everyone obama barack is the future 2 vote obama shitromney mittaintshit 4moreyears barackisthefuture ivoted sneak vote barackobama plz everyone tht can .. he s all the black got retweet this if u belivert zztro if mittromney win lilboosie never getting out -__- mightytexasstrikeforce helping get out the vote for romneyryan2012 in colorado springs rt dailysimpsons sex now that i ve got your attention vote for bart govote election2012 rt joshuanass handouts v. jobs..strength v. weakness..the choice is clear. vote romneyryan2012rt princesammie seeing the votetweets on my timeline is so refreshing. stand for something or fall for anything. obamaand after lunch with my mom i am volunteering for barackobama s campaign with theg3rbm4n fourmoreyears forward barackobama just got done voting.good luck fourmoreyears don t forget to go vote today romneyryan2012 americart _bobby_boucher_ obama romney bobby boucher election2012rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012threw up in the voting booth but i got it done obama2012 realdonaldtrump there s no mistaking it romneyryan2012rt michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. ..rt gov it s election day cast your vote and follow election2012 from your computer or mobile device. our guide rt dr_brazyrichjae s o to obama everybody go vote voteobama and obama2012 are trending throughout the us romney s nowhere on the tt board. i have hope lol.rt kqk2 flotus twitter account sending dm spam to people who don t even follow her election2012 tcotrt sealscotland obama v romney whales v cows uselection choice v worldwide lifestyle choice take a brea ..rt verifiedwhitney romney cannot win he don t give a fuck about us. vote for someone who do which is obama voteobama obama2012rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012 m_ignatieff 8yrs of gwb ship wa damaged beyond navigation barackobama wa not superman gop r the foe that hurt americas credit rattlingrt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..rt gop reuters romney cast vote feel great about ohio gopmomentum tcotto all my pup n kit south of the border in america your voice matter it can change history. vote pawsup election2012 electiondayrt thedailyjournal reminder polls in nj close at 8 pm tonight election2012 feel_destweets i want to graduate from college.. that speaks for itself.. election2012rt ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -rasshut up hoe mittromney a brighter future is out there waiting for us. let s choose it today. rt thatkiddmagic_ my president is black. my lambo is red. if mitt romney win the middle class will be dead. obama2012 fuckromneyrt getoffmyshoes ahaha rt punishme_ romney v obama. the baby know. on my way home to vote obama2012 bravoandy no line in maine - ton of voting booth but easier when it s paper i think. obama2012rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..rt routons dminor85 it going to be a great day for romney and an even better day for america god bless the usa the ad leading up to election2012 in the usa have been the most expensive ever. but are they any good rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..judgement day. to go back to america or not to obama govote take deep breath obama2012 rt brittd1178 everybody get out and vote so we can get this nigger out of office rt princesammie seeing the votetweets on my timeline is so refreshing. stand for something or fall for anything. obamathank goodness for the today show s election-night-party-menu cooking segment. election2012did it in 08 and again in 2012 yeswecan obama 4more video the entire 2012 election in 2 minute election2012rt timcast video man vote for obama machine highlights romney. real or fake what about the homeless vote election2012 dpuelection chicagort socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt radiojazzplus why you should vote obama romney electionday ivoted election2012 usa2012 rt m_sanford3 praying over the election romneyryan2012today is the day have you voted yet election2012rt globalpost . motherjones is mapping voter suppression and poll problem election2012obama is so cute man obama2012 what issue matter 2 u in election2012 see how the candidate respond 2 ajc s candidate questionnaire just looking at barackobama amp mittromney s tweet and romney ha such a negative campaign it sad people cannot see right throygh him..the gops vision for america votersuppression amp not allowing neighbor to have dissenting sign vote obama tobe freei voted by male. seriously the poll worker wa a dude. election2012rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012rt realmreynolds rt sarahpompei clermont county oh ave 50 ballot per hour. normally 15 per hour. did i mention that s a big gop co ..rt mtvjams lmao-- rt ecooley3rd just heard romney say if he president that he will take away bet mtv jam and stephen a smith off .. crankville s in ga seem to think that win r loose african-americans w riot cspanwj maddow topprog tcotrt tichinaarnold spending 4-5hrs of my time 2 stand in line 2vote is time wellspent obama2012 elizabethforma just came back from voting for you and joekennedy and barackobama .detroit woman campaigning for obama punches voter in the face smacks cop trying to arrest her tcot gop tiot tlotrt barackobama we re coming to end of a long campaign all that s left to do is get out the vote. let s win this. -bo teamobama voteobamart usblacksheep see the inspiring story of why barackobama didn t get this black voter s support in 2008 nor in 2012 ..rt destinydeonn yall ugly mf s taking pictures of ballots dont do that cause obama loosing lil dummies yall illterate asses rt therock before i vote - final question.. who wake up first and start kickin as before sunrise mittromney or barackobama cincrt eric_jotkoff university of florida gatorsforobama turning out in huge number to support barackobama voteobama students4obama h ..if romney win i m going back to nicaragua . a la verga con ese hijueputa obama2012infographic how both presidential candidate grossly outspent their predecessor election2012go vote today romneyryan2012 election2012 tcot cantafford4morevoting is important get out and do it if you don t vote you don t have a right to complain election2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt koolmoe21 uninstalling .. obama .. 99.5 complete rt madisonj39 voting today for the first time in my life ayee romney ryan2012 prolifert kendraleecook well obama took an early lead this mornin but that will change once all the republican get out of work later elec ..if you are an adult and you don t vote you are essentially just a child who pay tax election2012rt dragoncontv rt mittzombie2012 it is with a heavy heart which i will put down once i m done eating that i concede the 2012 elect ..rt finramblog in the interest of getting out in front of the mainstream medium i m officially calling california for obama and alabam ..rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012 mittromney u spend more time on your hair than you do writing ur speech stoprock the vote electionday election2012rt simonhabla i m voting for ron paul because he s going to give me hooker and coke. election2012 fartgunrt gov it s election day cast your vote and follow election2012 from your computer or mobile device. our guide  mittromney unblock thelessor__x you bitch made ain t gone win the electiction muscle beef head as nigga rt katyinindy after romneyryan2012 win tonight play this tomorrow ronald reagan tv ad its morning again in america ..rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012if i wa american i d deffo vote obama obama  sonshine4you barackobama the only chip americans will see will be the huge chip on obama s shoulder a he contemplates prison.rt bw yes there are still undecided voter election2012rt ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -rasrt gomittromney today america ha the chance to return the principle that made it the greatest country on earth rt for teamromney ..what time is it obama time vote 4moreyears obamabiden2012  election2012 polls open at 7 a.m. and close at 8 p.m. find your polling place here gt gt  just_atsheena i think i m more nervous than obama2012 wy sheenart ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -ras barackobama dont worry m8 i hav ur backvoting delay in us are crazy. in my 12 yr of voting in canada i ve never waited longer than 15 min amp i wa pissed about it election2012i really hope barackobama win the election we have seen him change a country for the good and we are in south africa uselectionrt defendpaulryan rt if you voted romneyryan2012 today loveofcountry tcotrt jjauthor the navy seals removed one threat to america. it s up to u the voter to remove the other. vote romneyrt realmreynolds rt sarahpompei clermont county oh ave 50 ballot per hour. normally 15 per hour. did i mention that s a big gop co ..trending topic are obama2012 teamobama voteobama forward no romney..hahahacrazy. watch in real time people clicking prompt on facebook to indicate that they ve voted. election2012rt alyssa_brabham pisses me off to no end when people try to say that people vote for romney because he s white. no it s because he ..just voted obama2012in 08 early turnout in oh s obama county ran 5.7 ahead of mccain s. in 12 only 0.4 ahead. almost even. obama 49 romney 49 it s a tie. voteobama obama2012 unreal obama mural inside polling place in philly. tcot romneyryan2012i voted but didnt get a kickass sticker and had a million instagram layout i wa gonna use bummer romney philly election2012 special 3 for 10 candy apple in readingterminalmarket today vote crunch repeat wait only vote once crunch 3xrt mittromney ohio is a crucial state in this election amp your vote could make the difference. please get out and vote today. romn ..rt verifiedwhitney obama 49 romney 49 it s a tie. voteobama obama2012rt teapartycat how do i know romneyryan2012 will win because voteobama is trending on instagram a liberal delay voting to snap ph ..rt tenstarpro v ote o bama t oday e veryone voteobama election2012rt raddmom obama cry on stage last night made me sick the ultimate in narcissism while ppl w real tear cry over sandy victim ..rt frogsupply i have spent countless day away from my family sacrificing for you to have the right to vote today. yes even you democr ..rt standardkenya beyonce s heartfelt letter to obama rt _bobby_boucher_ obama romney bobby boucher election2012does he have the voice the x-factor electionday election2012i voted go barackobama obama2012 rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt mittromney with virginia s help we are going to bring america back. please get out and vote romneyryan2012rt shawtaysuzie my president is black ..fuck mittromney obama2012it is a bit unnerving watching the muscly guy at the party decide whether to take the red pill or the blue pill. election2012 election usart soadamdoodles vote red blue green or even libertarian vote today don t bring the hate just bring the ballot election2012 o ..no excuse let your voice be heard obama2012 obama2012 if i wa a us citizen i d vote barackobama because i believe he is a much sober politician en the world will be much safer rt racefour poll watch final 2012 national presidential survey poll dump tcot romney obamart kikino_beard this is funny to me love sosa remix obama 300 rt usahipster dear clint eastwood - pls make benghazi movie amp tell americans the truth abt obama ordering military 2 stand down ..national right to life pro-lifers must vote for mitt romney romneyryan2012presidential election map 2012 via postgraphics interesting election2012rt sneakerpimp215 this is exactly why y all missing the playoff rt spencerhawes00 vote for america. vote mittromney and paulryanvpobama is enough for 4 yr re-election election2012true the vote barred from ohio polling stations via huffpostpol obama2012rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt michelleobama today is the day we re-elect barackobama it s going to be a good one rt lheron posting a pic of your ballot on social medium in some state that s illegal. election2012 corrected big thank you to all who cast a vote for domesticworkers amp entered leadingwithlove raffle now go vote in election2012 rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012we need righteous leader in our country. choose the right romneyryan2012 romney 38922 point beat obama so far in 25trends elections 2012 analysis debate tcot p2 sensata rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt eat_somemeat rt if you support obama obama2012rt __bang2x if you do decide to post a pic of your ballot make sure the bubble next to romney is filled. obama.rt niteowl223 i just voted for mittromney amp paulryanvp large turnout in south jersey come on nj flip red obama2012 is definately gonna win cast your vote for romney voteobama romney obamart jacquelinemwood election2012 make sure all of you go out and vote .. every vote matter makeadifferencert magstweets8 romney s victory meal caviar champagne and prime rib. romney s losing meal caviar champagne and prime rib.i just voiced my opinion now i can sleep forward2012 obama2012 votebiographies mitt romney and barack obama election2012 sschatmy mama took off work to vote and go get my daddy from the hospital dedicated obama 4 more year please lordrt cloewearsjeans attention people spread the word obama2012 rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt mcmillan93 lets do america a big favor and vote romneyryan2012 rt brycehamilton2 re-electing obama is like backing up the titanic and hitting the iceberg a second time romneyryan2012 nobamagoing to vote after i get out of class today first time obama meeting my momlet s face it most woman vote for whoever they d rather fuck voteobama election2012rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..happy wear a sticker to work day election2012rt lispectorgaga today is election day i voted in obama because so far i haven t seen work best for u than he did obama2012 ladygagart l_hopson23 yeah obama is a great president lol ignorance romneyryan2012 latinos with obama obama 2012voting is officially underway in all 50 states romney ryan2012 feeovaerrythng nieceyceo hope this touch all races ..vote for the right reasons.. obama rt chrisloesch heard rand paul on with glennbeck earlier today. he is firm in his support of toddakin amp mittromney paintitred ..touchscreen voting is dope election2012i finally voted merica republican romneyryan2012 redwhiteandbluepoloswag rt rhiannonally defede interviewing barackobama on election2012 right now.. cbsmiami cbs4vote rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt rbpundit okay. going to swing by chick-fil-a get lunch and then go vote for romneyryan2012 george allen and frank wolf. foram ..rt rollingstone . mtaibbi s election day assessment tonight is going to suck no matter what election2012hold up hold up romney and obama voted why like they got a decision to make lol i bet romney voted for obamart outraigeous don t forget to go vote romneyryan2012 mittsthetits mericaplease go amp vote now for mittromneynational right to life pro-lifers must vote for mitt romney romneyryan2012rt johnfmoore rt hannaingber . motherjones is mapping voter suppression and poll problem election2012rt fran_tarkenton voting is the foundational act that breathes life into the principle of the consent of the governed. -deforest soar ..in a couple of hour we know who gonna be the one moving forward in 4 year obama2012rt _bobby_boucher_ obama romney bobby boucher election2012 obama rt nickiminaj beyond proud of your passion to let your voice be heard. happy election dayi voted for the love of country romneyryan2012happy election day for all america vote responsably obama2012rt x_imdope praying for the best obama2012rt southwest_dude as a conservative i only want 3 thing today the presidency the senate and the house gop romneyryan2012say hello to our first electionday caller mardi who wa here before 6am to help gotv for barackobama rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 erikrtownsend rt djtriniking rt barackobama just needed to know what that presidency wa like so one term is fine with me rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt thedemocrats voteobama rt paulmccartney paul mccartney sends his support to barackobama thedemocrats election2012 ..rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt david_w_ross the world is watching today. as rupaul would say.. don t fuck it up vote obama rt sktv_ chill dont tweet obama2012 cuz the fbi gon kill you and your vote wont count - a dumb n ggart ezkool if christians put their religion before politics they would vote for truth instead of the romney lies. p2 tcot romney obamai hope we get a real president in office for these next 4 year romneyryan2012rt helen_ann american election i m team obama that romney bloke seems really false like a character from a cheesy american sitcomif i were american i d voteobama barackobama michelleobama purple_malia13 forever_sasha1 germanyforobamart usahipster never forget. obama gave order for military to stand down and let ambassador stevens and others die romneyryan2012 htt ..rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012 rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt conteach from edwgillespie the last thing you want to do today is stand between a republican and the voting booth. suppression .. colorado obama won by 8 pt in 2008. not all plain sailing this time around but obama is still odds on 4 11 against romney at 15 8i think the only race romney will lose in utah today will be the 7-11 coffee vote. decision2012 mittromney people want to call it racist for white folk to not vote for obama if that s the case it racist if black folk don t vote mitt4 more year obama vote rt guillermo_z polls in virginia close 7pm. if romney doesn t win there he ha no chance. if obama win ohio the race is over. h ..rt realmreynolds rt sarahpompei clermont county oh ave 50 ballot per hour. normally 15 per hour. did i mention that s a big gop co ..rt talkingheadtort rt voter fraud amp intimidation are being reported in many swing state this morning if you see it happening s ..rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt frogsupply i have spent countless day away from my family sacrificing for you to have the right to vote today. yes even you democr ..i think we learned lot about romney character this race. biggest thing is he ha none amp is pathological liar p2 dems election edshowparking lot and street are filled with car at the waynesboro library for voting sawelection election2012my election2012 prediction decently close race. obama wins.if you can wait in line to go to the club then you can wait in line to go vote election2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -rasrt conservative_vw ronald reagan inherited a worse economy and turned it around in 4 years romneyryan2012 voteromney tcot http ..get out an vote election2012rt alternet top 10 coming disasters in 2016 if america picks romney rt kendra_collins do not post picture of your ballot it won t count anymore if you do so if your voting for romney post that shit ..election day feel thrilling and terrifying all in one. romneyryan2012 realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan2012 vote2012 vote thats why you off single ladies rt ofa_nc the poll are open in north carolina. let s win 4 more year for barackobama wedecidert socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012according to social medium the battle of obama2012 amp romney2012 is very close. however independent thought is taking a beating electionrt fwforamerica retweet to tell your friend you want to defeat sherrod brown today ohsen sherrodbrown tcot barackobama i highly doubt just a few vote are going to make a difference. and if it doe i m sickened to be living amongst these ppl.rt justencharters wayneroot wa the libertarian vp nominee in 2008. he just told you to vote for romney like your future depends on ..rt dailysimpsons sex now that i ve got your attention vote for bart govote election2012 if i were american i d vote for barackobama obamaforpresidentrt lolgop the candidate who know that if every citizen can vote they ll lose romneyryan2012when all your friend are terrorist you don t belong in power. seeyaobama tcot govote tripp_ttu all the white ppl on my tl tlkn bout romney..fuck him obama2012i gue s im b k denrt tonibraxton know who your voting for.. obama vote for romney to fix america s problem instead of voting for obama to create more. romneyryan2012i just cast my vote proudly for romneyryan2012 tcot teaparty patriot apostolic debramessing kayleighemilyxx i voted for president obama too. obamart marisamarcell i ll take the business man who generated million over the president who wasted trillion romneyryan2012on multiple occasion i ve claimed nothing significant happens between vegas amp philly. prove me wrong phoenix elect mittromneyrt zztro if mittromney win lilboosie never getting out -__-rt anyaderogue new yorkers are determined to vote i love it line is super long but moving.. obama2012 harlem rt realbutler228 if u wanna see ur kid grow up with an opportunity to be wuteva they wanna be vote obamart itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt michelleperez14 if obama doesn t win tonight. i will cry. amp it won t be happy tears. it will be because there go my college ..rt trumpetman vote like you are stranded in benghazi and obama is your lifeline.. tcot sot military p2 tlotrt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012sitting at the polls.. first time jitters.. lets go america romneyryan2012 election2012 romney2012 shondarhimes i got up at 6am amp voted for the first time proud obama2012rt demarko_gage barack obama support food stamp first of the month check health care gay people with no job unemployment. ..rt redostoneage new black panthers back at poll in philadelphia cnn nyc tcot tlot sgp ocra npr cbshere we go us election2012rt lorenzomartone hey you today don t forget.. do like these folk v o t e obama ny obama like auburn i think i ve said enough romneyryan2012rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..what s the best time to cast your vote morning afternoon or evening election2012our latest barackobama team shift is gearing up to hit the doors. it s not too late to join u to get out the vote  barackobama reluctantly ordered raid on bin laden s compound yet gave up the doctor that helped the us and then let amb stevens die.obama-277 romney-191 obama2012 moveforward 2termzmom quit taking pics. you need to go vote 4 romneyryan2012 rt prelection how d it go prelection for iphone forward benghazi vote2012 energy health capitalism gop ..rt aodhanis good luck to romney time for change. yes he canit s electionday in the us see what give washington dc it s unique energy election2012sarah palin hammers obama revenge against who tcot teaparty icon tlot p2rt summerrpaige my morning obama let do this rt sanquita_famous 18.7k.. gettin my love ready for school. . then go vote obamart itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..just voted feels good..everybody please do not forget to vote today obamaromney adviser ed gillespie mitt romney will win decisively video via gatewaypundit tcot tbrscan t wait to come home from class and go straight to the polling center and vote for barackobama rt bbcnewsus the economy iran healthcare abortion - what would romney and obama do differently on key us election2012 issue ht ..first time voting imageorgiavoter gapeach gafollowers election2012 vote oakwood university rt rimshot100 big bro thanks the msm.. tcot romneyryan2012 dude get harassed for wearing an mit shirt and yet this happens.. tcotrt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole .. evelinka25136 justintheslayer download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012rt rick_gorka the next president and first lady of the united states voting in belmont ma. romneyryan2012 tcot rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..rt tombradysego happy election day remember to make your vote count obamabiden2012 romneyryan2012 bradygronkowski2012ross firms will face concern if obama win via cnbc election finance rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012highland park s no-to-obama drama. my hometown always makin me proud. election2012 smh embarrased via dallasnewsblack panthers return to philly gop tossed out update fight via breitbartnews tcot gop teaparty tlot sot p2i voted for the smart one with the nice smile and the cool shoes. election2012according to my roommate best friend. i only know three words obama leto dance hahahahahaha she s not wrong hahahahopefully america decides it want to keep moving forward today and reelects barackobama and joebiden fourmoreyearsrt pjthebarber ayee mittromney don t forget to voteobama today. .this voter line is out the door and round the corner i hope they votin for obamaeverybody chill with that mittstake shit lol that shit gay a fuck obama2012rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012don t rock the vote don t tip the vote over. obama2012rt realdonaldtrump china is worried. the poll are trending for mittromney. they won t be able to steal from u anymore.rt l1ldebbie ppl still need reason to voteobama ok..womens right to choose gay equality immigration amp health reform nuff sai ..rt if you are voting on your lunch break. election2012 kyelect rt adrianalima it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt gop rt if you are voting for loveofcountry today romneyryan2012 behold_gr8ness what if obama dont win ..yal gone be sick af a lot of minority gone stop paying national election any attention lolrt valettanorman voteobama teamobama obama2012 i m not american but i want him to win the election rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..best quote today.. i ve been waiting four long year for this sh romneyryan2012 romneycentral mittromneyrt chickiepotpie my parent european socialist just voted republican for the first time since becoming citizens. this is big peopl ..rt revrangerrick remember tcot coverup rt amygdudley i encourage you to stand in line a long a you have to - joebiden s message to voter across us today he did too ht ..rt thedemocrats rt barackobama we re coming to the end of a long campaign all that s left to do is get out the vote. let s win this. -boseems to me that ppl dont like wat im sayin fuck em romneyrt huntsmanabby gonna go out on a limb and assume romney s never going to release his tax return or furthermore a detailed tax pla ..rt ere1968 i ve been saying it for month mittromney must win by larger than the margin of cheatnov 6th is like christmas for adult except instead of choosing between awesome gift we get to choose between two turd election2012navy seals billboard in tx another threat will be removed in november bye bye obama vote romneyryan2012 uhthomas tehanna86 illegal or not it s downright annoying seeing those pics. we all know what a ballot look like friends. election2012presenting a christian voting checklist with biblical references circulating around today ccot tcot voteromneyrt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known my little girl looked at me calling someone bronco aka barackobama what kind of horse doe he ride daddy . reply a unicorn hon rt fran_tarkenton voting is the foundational act that breathes life into the principle of the consent of the governed. -deforest soar ..rt phillyweekly we took those philly ballot question and made them intelligible to human being knowbeforeyou ..rt jg_yousocrazy today is the day people let s go vote obama rt zztro if mittromney wins prepare for the struggleit s cool that mittromney and barack get to vote for themselves. teehee. election2012today is the day. if you want to be heard go out and vote. exercise your freedom voice your right and opinions. we are one. obama2012 barackobama so hott love urt agentm thank jengrunwald for making this i voted sticker featuring captainamerica election2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom .. co2hog katyinindy why not just erect a shrine to him in the poling place gop2012 restore voting right for all voteforloveofamericajust voted for the first time election2012 biggirl teamamericart huffpostpol the most racist moment of election2012 rt raybeckerman rt ibbchris rt channel1atlanta election2012 malfunctioning machine reported throughout south florida .. ralphtresvant i have a neice that thought her voice didn t matter..now after a little history lesson wewillrockthevote2gethertoday obamahome near bellevue west high polling place election2012 rt prsarahevans rt huffpostgay if you have trouble voting at the poll call 1-866-our-vote and report your voting problem. election2012 wbayvote rt ap election watch biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -rasrt republicangop today we make a stand america- please standwithmitt because americadeservesbetter vote romneyryan2012when obama loos he should have to sit in front of realdonaldtrump and let donald say your fired  darthwyatt mittromney 2008 voting at same time of day i had to wait a good 45 minutes.. this time five minute in out and done.rt theylovekendrea wtf you voted for romney unfollows . . .i need all my followers to rt this dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known rt kimleclerc mr. burns endorses romney the simpsons animation on fox via youtube romney gopusa election day rt kenroth how will presidential election affect us human right policy humanrights election2012rock the vote today and i ll be rocking the dance floor later tonight for rudy tuesday bar107 10pm. dtla election2012 dancing votethis -- gt biasedgirl laid off work or know someone who is. today is your chance to demand a real recovery. voteromney romneyryan2012 emilyledwards12 haha thanks making that vote count romneyryan2012too many people fought for the right to vote to waste it. obama2012 voteall college student should know who to vote for be real half of use cant afford college. obama2012gotta love the port-a-pottys outside polling stations. in case the thought of romdom give anyone a loose tummy election2012rt texas_power regardless of who you support make sure you vote today election2012my family voted obama for mankind rt 1supremegoddess prayers rt suzibasterd let s hope this election is decided upon by the voter not the lawyers. amen. twister ..3 hour in line to vote this morning amp this little man led everyone in singing jesus loves me election2012 rt braden_powell8 today is the day people do the right thing for our country vote obama obama2012 democrat obama4moreyearsrt bosslady_mi yall are saying vote for obama or obama yall want obama to win but yet your posting picture of your ballots. remove ..rt weber_7 gdeuceswild no need to say sorry romney ryanrt ryandishman23 just voted romneyryan2012voted this morning barackobama you ve got my vote again obamabiden2012 4moreyearshappy election day everybody do your part and get out there to vote if you haven t already. don t be a stereotypical nigga.. obama2012we want to hear what your voting experience wa like. call 415-553-8455 election2012 votecart fuckromney__ either way it s fuck him. lol rt poochmarley__ lmfaoo you said that soo polite. rt fuckromney__ fuck you sir ..rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolvoting for barackobama is prob one of the only time im actually willing to give someone a 2nd chance ctfu my moma got sent home from.wearing an obama shirt obamart chrisloesch heard rand paul on with glennbeck earlier today. he is firm in his support of toddakin amp mittromney paintitred ..rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012it s truly a blessing to know that the right guy is a black guy.. obama2012i just made romney noodle obama selfrt vrwctexan newblackpantherparty member in uniform spotted at same philadelphia polling station tcotthese damn republicans. so damn disrespectful. taking people obama signs. you mad obamajust voted in cny no issue small town steady stream but no line tcot teaparty gop mittromney votert cnservativepunk if you threaten me if i don t vote for obama i m going to laugh at you. i dare you to take retribution on me for vo ..rt reefathefunk holly_matthai my vote counted romney rt _bobby_boucher_ obama romney bobby boucher election2012we voted your turn election2012  mittromney your selfish as only following 274 people. you can t be my presidentwe will have projectors amp tv s on all day today following the election come by amp witness history president american election2012 vote election2012 make your voice heard recent poll show the candidate in a dead heat.rt barackobama if he can find the time to make call today so can you rt matt_perison just got gas for 3.29. from my untrained eye that look like progress election2012 barackobama ..i just have so much faith you will win rt realmreynolds boom rt katieharbath on election day mittromney pass 12 million fan on facebook  obama and ronmoten for ward 7because it is my duty a a citizen of the united states of america. - e.j. whyvote election2012lol christal_meth they tried to ask me for id and i said no no no.. election2012 rt starkolix kim_nek thats romney barbie_babz kim_nek starkolix let the best candidate win thenrt christiancalls1 united we stand obama we fall tcot vote rt prelection results prelection president house senate vote election vote2012 romney obama garyjohnson ..rt obey_maybach romney gonna have yal ass twerking if yal keep posting picture lol. romney can produce more porn for the world to enjoy.. romtime 2012 rt lukerussert 2012 is 2004 ohio ohio ohio best part brokaw obama win senate seat i m sure we ll hear fr ..such a pretty day driving back to stark from voting romneyryan2012rt jenndwag unbelievable. pa voting machine highlight romney when obama selected. cnn msnbc plz cover this ..i voted today lt 3 makingadifference speakup vote obama firsttimevoter  v ote. o bama. t his. e lection election2012 therock did you vote yet i voted for barackobama because romney is more like johncena he absolutely suckwhen i looked yesterday obama wa up 201 to 191 so it s close 0_0 vote people vote obamaafter 6 hour we re at 279 vote casted. election2012rt itsgabrielleu obama2012 rt dwyanewade florida let s be the difference..don t let long line s stop you from voting.. barackobama obama s genocide this is a pic of barack obama the worst and most failed president in us history barackobama michelleobama rt nowthisnews check out barackobama s amp mittromney s closing statements just before the polls opened vid ..rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt abc7newsbayarea a 96-year-old woman is working at a polling place in sf and hope to work the 2016 election. ..if obama lose imma cry .rt lukemitchell__ if i were american i d vote obama. presidentialelectionbe thirsty vote obama or it all bad rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012i feel good yo obama2012cast your vote for romney voteobama romney obama barackobama follow nert collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012my vote counted romney ryan2012rt catherinecrier if you have a problem voting or have question about election2012 call 1-866-our-vote or email info 866ourvote.o ..rt obey_maybach romney gonna have yal ass twerking if yal keep posting picture lol.i just voted for the first time in my life. voteordie election2012 beantownzgirl i voted for barackobama if you did too then here s the twitter version of an i voted button rt defarv rt analiticaredes 83 infographics on presidential election in usa election2012 eleccionesusa2012 ..that would be legendary thefink election2012rt miss_facetious if obama wasn t running i still wouldn t vote for romney rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolvoters in oregon washington amp colorado will decide if they become d 1st 2 legalize recreationalmarijuana take that cali election2012my little monk face fingerscrossed obama  edshow my 18 yr old son and i voting in il - his first election and he couldn t wait to vote obama proudunionfamily come on romney jimmysaville didn t exactly fix it nor should you tried to either. cheaterdon t pretend to know my politics..i m not voting for obama because he s black..i m voting for him because .. lets go mitts election2012 romneyryan2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..people say obama2012 when they re against abortion and think gay marriage is a sin. lol okrt democracynow awesome. rt briannasue i will be watching democracynow tonight for my election2012 coverage i suggest you do too.rt verifiedwhitney obama 49 romney 49 it s a tie. voteobama obama2012rt peoplearepissed just in voter fraud monitor on high alert for election day fox news tcot lkyhbt redeyert eyeluv2laff rt whatsupdoc96 special forces and navy seals head to polls counter black panther presence tcotrt mittromney virginia is a crucial state in this election amp your vote could make the difference. please get out and vote today. ..i voted just flaunting my influence like a true influenster. election2012rt em_redrum rt barackobama the choice on education ke ha for president. election2012rt verifiedwhitney obama 49 romney 49 it s a tie. voteobama obama2012rt cgalubinski j_my22 but with romney i d have 2 bmws and a million dollar house. haha jk butforreal romneyryan2012 ezstreet my lil man wa telling people at the poll to check for barackobama priceless rt fee_blank the type of fear that i m fearing if mittens becomes president being an orphan and being adopted by a pedophile. obama2012if you don t vote don t complain election2012 rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012kent county is fired up for mittromney and reppaulryan making call to gotv mi4mitt mivote i wonder what it s like for president obama to have a political party and entire music scene behind him. barackobama if he can find the time to make call today so can you 201-314-7123 rt chiefbrody1984 romney v obama. the baby know. rt brocktmorris well i need to get up and go vote. try to make a difference romneyryan2012good luck to all the americans that are voting today. don t let u down. election2012rt theofficialtate i hate the electoral college though. i feel like our vote would count more if it wa just a popular vote for presid ..frig you barry obamart huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012 obama2012 nuff said..rt rjgallagher94 if romney win i might move to canada. you are all stupid. that is all. obama2012rt michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. ..rt fran_tarkenton voting is the foundational act that breathes life into the principle of the consent of the governed. -deforest soar ..rt alwayslovingjlo vote for barackobama i can t im 15 but i would have vote for himhow are the line at the poll today compared to 2008 longer shorter ievote election2012rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpoleveryone make sure you vote remember your local candidates. in marshalltown vote for smith sodders braley getoutthevote obama2012see me in wx office in this pic rt adriennewfla social medium set for election2012.follow jenleighwfla for update rt polojunkie i hope mitt romney vote for obama today. election2012rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012my president is black obama2012rt prelection results prelection president house senate vote election vote2012 romney obama garyjohnson ..rt shauni_monroe obama rate dropped 3 u can not take pictures at the booth of who u voted for thts a law dnt u be the reason oba ..just voted for the 1st time ever. go get your vote on teamobama election2012 headtothepolls rt meyergail renee4congress rt if you re voting romneyryan2012 today i voted romneyryan today  oliverhsax no one for me still can t vote. but my wife voted barackobamart livel0velexy praying that obama win obama2012 rt dncfail obamacare rules to be unleashed after election tcot tlotrt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012the white boy behind me asked me who i voted for nd before i cld answer he wa like i voted for obama i wa like hell yea white boy obamart michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. ..election day salute to obama vote rt handfulofminute . mittromney not that the republican approach to hurricane relief doesn t have proven results..rt danny2breezy vote barackobama for president. he s good with kid thatisall 5 thing you can do right now to help make sure barackobama win made my choice early this morning election2012 it s election2012 day go draw something.rt amyvernon 100 rt nwjerseyliz new jerseyians if you can wait hour to fill your car s tank you can take time to vote. election ..rt caseymfb18 yes i m going to retweet every romneyryan2012 tweet audraequalitymc i voted via absentee ballot earlier but i did vote. obama2012rt danny2breezy vote barackobama for president. he s good with kid thatisall  barackobama yo put an extra vote in for mert kentingle seuniversity make sure you vote today. it s important to make your voice heard vote election2012rt agentm thank jengrunwald for making this i voted sticker featuring captainamerica election2012rt nolabelsorg in the final hour of the campaign obama and romney both promote working across the aisle to find solution ..rt jacobvolkmann remember jacob joseph volkmann for president. ufc barackobamart ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -rasrt 6luvalentino everyone pray for your future pray for your child s future pray for obama ..we don t even need an election take a look at the trending topic obama2012today s the day do the right thing usa. who you vote for impact what happens here. let s not set the woman s movement back. obama2012rt bishopwsthomas i plan to be up late tonight but i m planning to shout in the morning election2012fuck what everyone else says. obamart collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt crowetoons purple path to victory election2012 minnesota not sure wheretovote check out here go out and vote for freedom tcot romeny latino woman job leftfootfwd obama v romney what state to watch and when election2012 usa useful election night guide..trailer for my single anti short com from howtodresswellforsuicidealbum 2013 romney is y im anti rt jacquelinemwood election2012 make sure all of you go out and vote .. every vote matter makeadifferencert lissyy22 why do you wanna be equal with everyone if you work hard you get what you deserve. stop trying to live off the government ..have you entered to win an obama mug set from fishseddynyc yet hurry you ve only got til 3pm et to enter rt potteristic barack obama ha read all seven harry potter book to his daughters. voteobama election2012rt ethegoddess i voted to supersize it with extra cheese. election2012rt kwena i love obama a president but today s election is so tight i see a romney win electionusa2012rt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. mort dgjackson gov with his i voted sticker. romneyryan2012 rt sapphicpixie take your phone into the voting booth and record this if it happens. gop ha stolen election before ..rt bigbassman34 can t wait to have a new president in the white house romneyryan2012i thought this would be appropriate for today. election2012  voteobama if you want the pres. 2continue belittling america 2 other nation and continue bowing 2 foreign dictator romneyryan2012 tcot warrenbarfield i knew you were a smart guy. good job grab a sb mocha to warm up. romneyryan2012voted for em in 08 and again in 12. 2termz obama ivoted blackprezzy just voted for romney ryan timwolfe mattmurphy davidharrisone more class to go then it s time to get my vote on election2012rt sapphicpixie take your phone into the voting booth and record this if it happens. gop ha stolen election before ..rt ted_strickland friends if there are line at your polling place stay in line a long a it takes. barackobama had our back amp ..rt music_problems taking a poll.. like for obama retweet for romney anamariecox voted with my 1 mth old in ma. he demanded a vote for barackobama can t say no to that face was the 393 person to vote at my assigned location barackobama obamart socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..obama congratulates romney on spirited campaign tsrs irf tcotfor the sake of the world america just re-elect obamabiden2012 election2012 obama2012in the votein line. romney ryan obama for mankind in line again to vote.. i pretty much at where i left earlier this morning. what a cluster. i want to tweet my vote. election2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt ryanmcneal v ote o bama t his e lection if you are teamobama retweet this. if not keep scrolling. 4moreyears obama2012got dragged out of bed by kristysgreen to vote this morning. i almost definitely would have anyway obama2012in the eye of the election storm a an observer in wisconsin. turnout look good for the gop.rt ap election watch diner in france offer the obama burger and the romney omelette election2012 -rasrt sasanksk obama or romney which would trend worldwide 1st on twitter rt tonibraxton know who your voting for.. obama voted yay obama2012rt tombradysego breaking tony romo went to cast his ballot this morning and that got intercepted and return for a touchdown. electi .. rihanna you better be obama and not romney . -_- . rich hoe .your unemployed ass though.. rt realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan2012 vote2012 votert socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt defendpaulryan rt if you voted romneyryan2012 today loveofcountry tcotbiggest lie s of the campaign mt nolabelsorg obama romney both promote working across aisle to find solution  romneyryan2012 together they will make a difference in this country vote vote2012 mittromneyit took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012 socialmia barackobama if i were american i d be voting teamobama rt edgemagazinellc when they needed a bailout he gave them one. millions of job saved. obama2012 obama 2012  babyvale wakaflockabsm download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolwho s voting today obamahere s your election workout plan.. go out and vote livestrong obama rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..holding it down at 4th st deli with sfsinger and sen farnese s philly style election2012 govote  barackobama i have faith in you you got this obama2012 obama2012 obama2012 obama2012 obama2012 obama2012 obama2012 obama2012rt gop reuters romney cast vote feel great about ohio gopmomentum tcoti m a felon on paper can i vote cuz i have to fa my nigga barackobamart defendpaulryan rt if you voted romneyryan2012 today loveofcountry tcotrt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. mort gloriae last chance to volunteer for barackobama find an event near you people need to stop takin picture of there voting shit .. ya makin my nigga obama get vote taken away.. fuck goin on obama happy election day i won t be voting but i do hope america look at the facts. romneyryan2012rt gillespie329 what better day to support my merica chubbies romneyryan2012 chubbiesrt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..we voted sierra s first election romneyryan2012 rt simonb_1986 tange_91 simonb_1986 my biggest problem with romney is that he only see you a equal if you re straight white and ..rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..i voted obama rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012only the americans could struggle to make the easiest decision ever election2012 voteobamaall we need is ohio and virginia obama2012rt tichinaarnold hey 1st time voters whether u voted 4 obama or romney 2day wht really matter is tht u voted ur officialy a .. ..rt catherinecrier if you have a problem voting or have question about election2012 call 1-866-our-vote or email info 866ourvote.o ..never mind vote obama who ever run opposed to fitz frank farry iknowfarrysarep hesthemantho fuckfitz obamademocracy turntexasblue aca womensrights obama biden lla forward obama return to chicago a voter head to poll il chicago obama rahmbo romneyi still wish that rick santorum would be running for president instead of romney but i m still for romneyryan2012 __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama i cant get nothin done today been sittin here watch cnn all day obamart juliahager420 nervous for tonight..i hope romney win if not well uh we are screwed..say goodbye to great health care and g ..check out live crowd analytics for election2012 on bottlenose rt chromeo funk the vote obamahappy election day don t forget to vote today election2012a tweetotaller coworker yesterday told me he intends to vote for obama because romney scare him.rt jimmyeatworld get out and vote folk if you don t vote you can t complain about the outcome. election2012even if i wasn t a dem i wouldn t vote romney. he s like a fart in the kitchen with cheap air freshener sprayed all over him. voteobama fireexaway glad you see it im freakin out our country cant handle four more year of obama nervous romneyryan2012rt ambermoller two great thing to start off my day voting amp coffee ivoted obama2012 election2012 sf ca usa ..it s bad that i care more about election in america than here obamanot about to entertain fuckery this morning there are bigger and better thing goin on in the world.. obama2012power to the people. election2012rt virgiltexas if obama gets reelected i swear i m moving to check list of country more libertarian than the us trans-somalian di ..just voted. straight party. obama2012 msnbc2012 joenbc grow a walrus mustache.twitter is going to be even worse tonight..i advise you all to drink heavily election2012rt shannonsteidl front page of ny post today lnyhbt romneyryan2012 rt debragarrett hollywood i am not intimidated. hire me for my talent if you want but i am a smart mom grandma and i voted for romney ..just voted election2012rt followme_leah 18 and older please go out and vote obama and after you vote don t post pics. saying you voted and who you vo ..rt petty615 barackobama my nigga bring back yeah baby s lt --lmfao paulryanvp r u planning on doing everything opposite what bush bush amp reagan did then if so that s a solid plan dawg.rt loudpackduval if you don t vote for barackobama today i want you to kill yoself cause you are a waste of an american  jlo lovers wish you luck obama supportobama jlo barackobamamt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012polls now open in all 50 state just 7 hour away from first poll closures. election2012 iwoi did choose that future. it wasn t you rt mittromney a brighter future is out there waiting for us. let s choose it today. hrt franktrain25 what a great commander and chief romneyryan2012  sandra_alva please vote today guy let your voice be heard know your right obama rt coachsquatty just got the same phone call..rt bcuchick09 i feel so special lol election2012 vote i voted votinginheels obama2012 election2012 rt frankieboyle an exciting day for anyone interested in which of two very slightly different accent we hear war declared on iran el ..rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom .. nancygilesnyc i voted for barackobama if you did too then here s the twitter version of an i voted button rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..the big day is here. heading out to the polls.. let s make history and reelect barackobama. vote obama2012 forward2012 yeswecanagainrt tahdeetz rt michaeljohns fearing a mittromney win epa pursuing immediate implementation of new job energy-killing coal regs ht ..cast your vote for romney voteobama romney obamalooking forward 2 election2012 result phprogram bcpatriot daveelswick nhhorton tolbertreport talkbusiness robybrock arelex arlegrt stevekazee i voted for barackobama because i believe in inclusion. i believe in woman s right religious freedom sexual freedom ..rt tickedoffdem mt wcgirl1 1-866-ourvote to report voter suppression voting intimidation votolatino obama2012 dems realdeancain me too. come on mittromney rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolrt gachzalifinak retweet for romney2012 favorite for obama2012 lets see who win as election2012 nears compare campaign medicare sound bite w our interactive timeline dsso i just heard that anyone voting for obama should take a picture of their ballot and post it on twitter go go do it ha election2012rt jjauthor vote romney - the conservative concept is simple help the truly poor amp needy create the opportunity for the rest to ..proud to be an american and exercise my right to vote election2012 thecrapchute what wa romney thinking when that came out he doesnt have much of a filter on that old mouth of his.just cast my vote for obama . this member of the 47 is pumped up to kick some republican as again who s wit me rt thefashionjunke b0mbezia hope for the best .. obama if romney win the world going to end teamobama obamaordie obama2012rt asap_tyg5 mitt romney bullied his college roommate to suicide why the fuck are people voting for that man obama2012rt littlebliz6 woke up to which is symbolic. with a mittromney victory america can have a bright future  voteobama obama2012 i voted for obama b c he saved the auto industry reduced our deficit cut tax to the middle class amp is a great guy rt billdixonish driving on a paved road to publicly funded elementary school to vote for gary johnson is probably bittersweet for libe ..rt gop reuters romney cast vote feel great about ohio gopmomentum tcot joebiden go joe wait a minute is it true romney s own state is voting for obama if so lmao like damn they should ve been a promised vote  barackobama you need to win rt verifiedwhitney obama 49 romney 49 it s a tie. voteobama obama2012wish i could have gone in and voted today but my absentee vote will do romneyryan2012rt chris_brumley i really want obama to win.. but i have this bad gut feeling it s gonna be romney. anxiousrt gimme_moore5 not that any of you care but.. romneyryan2012 great to see barackobama hanging out with his biggest fan in chicago election2012rt lukemitchell__ if i were american i d vote obama. presidentialelectionrt oedwinnj im voting for romneyrt wltx rt jstyleswltx stay in line and be patient don t let long line deter your vote election2012 ahuddleston357 gotta love the new york post.. lnyhbt romneyryan goprt loschasindreams stick to actin in low budget b.e.t. movie stfu rt realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4 ..my timeline is off the chain right now newedition obama2012 romneyryan2012 marion county elections i ll be tweeting from the gop party thewitchicago in chicago tonight at 7pm cchronicle ccjournalism election2012rt opus_6 rt trumpetman vote like you are stranded in benghazi and obama is your lifeline.. tcot sot military p2 tlot picstitch oh it s official and it only took 10 or 15 min yay winning fourmoreyears obama2012 rt bestwebhosting8 if your naive vote obama voteobama romney obamart omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..for all and not just some. for the many not just one. and we re so far from done.. forwardsong obama2012rt theofficialtate i hate the electoral college though. i feel like our vote would count more if it wa just a popular vote for presid ..i want our president to be honest i don t want him to lie about car manufacturing obama2012all i want for my birthday is a romneyryan2012 winlets do this.. teamobama obama obamagotmyvote repost cast yur ballot hihater goin for another 4 my vote is for obamavote for barackobama rt yvettenbrown be forewarned. rt lheron posting a pic of your ballot on social medium in some state that s illegal. ..rt craigtimes after accusing mittromney of lying about china move chrysler give entire workforce the day off to vote. ..my prediction is that there will be over 300 million tweet about the election2012 today romney12 politics votegreat live interview with barackobama on wkyc. awesome question from russwkyc barackobama it will be another war and disaster if mr win pres election..bo make a better choice. barackobama you got this and you certainly deserve it.tell ohio s secretary of state count every vote via credomobile election2012rt mittromney with virginia s help we are going to bring america back. please get out and vote romneyryan2012i know i would certainly make the news if i wa out bullying ppl to vote for obamai exercised my right and voted left. obama2012you can show support like this plz stop posting your ballot obama get out n vote yall. obamart socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt sagesavant there s more georgia power crew turned away from sandy-stricken new york for refusing to join union ..who should sit on the iron throne election2012rt chuckson_myfeet romney v obama. the baby know. lml . sallykohn mittlikesfiringamericans truth p2 tcot timjgraham go vote republican. because mitt romney like firing people.  mittromney fucc as niggaa rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..democratic early voting down from 2008 tsrs irf tcotvote obama election america is a country not a company obama2012everyone go vote romneyryan2012rt jdubs2365 how can romney care about the middle class when he made his living destroying middle class job obama2012i voted. did you go exercise your constitutional right today especially all you ladies.. election2012 gotvrt michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. ..rt usahipster dear clint eastwood - pls make benghazi movie amp tell americans the truth abt obama ordering military 2 stand down ..rt yvettenbrown be forewarned. rt lheron posting a pic of your ballot on social medium in some state that s illegal. .. pink_rubie i m not. i m about to go vote for my cousin obamart daleahlovee_ wish i could vote obamaobama for u obama voteobamaforpresident go go go i did my part a an american citizen and voted getoffyourassandvote obama2012 rt tommyfromatown this should tell you something.. obama take the day off while romney keep working til the end. romney wont st ..voting system in nyc is from the dark ages. we have robot on mars surely we can come up with a better system than this. election2012rt itslaurenevans just voted eating mcdonald s and listening to toby keith neverfeltmoreamerican election2012 voted for the first time election2012 obama2012let s get this shit obamart anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..on multiple occasion i ve claimed nothing significant happens between vegas amp philly. prove me wrong columbus elect mittromneyman i m excited to vote. firsttimevoter obamaself contradicting obama i won t increase government job but i will increase teacher jobobama you know it obama2012 obamaback photooftheday obama president 2013 i can t wait to vote rt iilluminateyou i need all my followers to rt this dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known rt foxnews is it time to get rid of the electoral college election2012 i fufilled my civic duty.. did you election2012 presidentialelection romneyryan2012 vote4loveofcountry i voted now it s your turn getglue election2012i ve got 99 problem but mitt ain t one jayz obama richfriendsinhighplaces burhaninho obama is better than mitt on middleclass me economy iran china russia name it anisa_hajimuminrt yunglayback redangelbws vote barackobama period unless u related to george bush --my bro is his last name bush lol erikamoen barackobama well you know i m very selfless. i wa going to sell my vote but i figured it might be nice to give it to you.wake up and go vote obama2012 voteobama obamanationrt realalexjones free live video stream today guests davidicke mrbelzer starting 11amct puppetpres election2012rt hunterroberts2 it s obamas day obamajust voted obama i wonder who mittromney voted for.rt apcampaign election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 ..everyone stop fucking tweeting about if romney win were screwed. because obviously you don t know what you re talking about romneyrt the_ironsheik blitznbeans ff barackobama the_ironsheik you said it perfectly bubba. romney is big time jabronidid you vote yet election2012rt sugawallsent not one news site ha reported the stats yet so i dunno where y all getting these made up stats.. election2012rt agentm thank jengrunwald for making this i voted sticker featuring captainamerica election2012rt dgjackson gov with his i voted sticker. romneyryan2012  romney obama spurrier election2012remember when you vote today do the secret liberal handshake so they ll give you the death panel ballot too. election2012rt fwforamerica retweet to tell a friend you voted for josh mandel today ohsen tcot mandelmy voice ha been heard ha yours vote obama 2012rt maozisrael jewish voter split. american jews supporting obama while those americans living in israel back romney ..find your fucking polling place - it not too late vote election2012proof positive that obama is ruled by demons. get the free ebook today last day please rtone day our generation is gonna rule the population..- johnmayer vote forward barackobama michelleobama kalpenn rt bluegrasspundit to my libertarian follower i understand the concept of a protest vote but today isn t the time. tlot tcoti m watching united states presidential election 2012 2013 others checked-in getglue election2012literally carrying this bad boy around campus. romneyryan2012 proof positive that obama is ruled by demons. get the free ebook today last day please rtrt socal_lovin welp going to go exercise my right to vote obama2012rt tinastweet omg best video yet rt lisa_darren because mittromney never expected someone to make this video ..proof positive that obama is ruled by demons. get the free ebook today last day please rtrt sam_dollery wish i wa american so i could vote obamart redstate gop fight for a fair election in pennsylvania tcot rsrt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpol realgranthill33 yes but for mittromney. cantafford4morert ap election watch if you make car in detroit the odds are that you have today off election2012 -rasrt cloewearsjeans attention people spread the word obama2012 cause i know you all haven t seen heard enough teamobama forbeselection obama2012 election2012 america collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012 .. bailirotrt nicholas_gow if youre not voting obama and yesonquestion3 then fuck you yabish zekejmiller buzzfeedpol barackobama mittromney this is illegal ppl getting turned away for political shirts to go vote and see this bs i chose to follow richardbranson advice obama2012 barackobama you got our vote 0 i love how every fucking body is a politician now. i am excited about voting though. romneyryan2012 rt starjonesesq i wa happy to vote for my friend sengillibrand. she fight to the death for women every single day my kinda chic ..i voted did you obama2012 rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt karlee_burrows feeling like a good citizen voting romneyryan2012 election2012 story you may have missed california could be set to abolish the deathpenalty rt caladmissions today s a big day we hope you take a break from the uc application and rockthevote if you can election2012rt akilproductions this morning i woke up thanked god for my freedom and the right to vote i hope we are all grateful for this rig ..waking up at 6 to vote gave me an excuse to look like shit today. romneyryan2012line out the door at the poll on hillside ave. in providence. election2012rt paulaabdul first thing that came to my mind this morning wa a 4 letter word vote happy election day xoxop election2012rt naomirivas proud mary keep on voting and we re voting voting voting on the river putvoteinasong election2012rt djcoreyography shit or get off the pot. election2012 vote rockthevote presidentcooper download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012rt eyeluv2laff rt staceintexas cbs held damaging obama benghazi tape - 60 minutes mosen insen mtsen ohsenrt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012today is the day everyone threatens to move to canada but never does. election2012rt nikwutzurstory omg realjohnnygill ralphtresvant and mikebiv obama2012all i want for my birthday is a new president. is that too much to ask for voteright romneyproof positive that obama is ruled by demons. get the free ebook today last day please rtunfortunately guy the number of tweet romneyryan2012 get isn t going to help him win the election. shut up amp go vote electionday2012rt demarko_gage barack obama support food stamp first of the month check health care gay people with no job unemployment. ..rt shellymullen1 even if your state is solid on the romney side vote show up make it a landslide amp send a message. obama we re .. barackobama i hope you will be president again. love from switzerland. laurenceobama ends campaign in half-empty arena via breitbartnews tcot gop teaparty tlot sot p2rt sbsailors pumped because you voted we are rockthevote election2012 imsickof vote2012 electiondayi m gonna say it.. alwaysfollowback election election2012 i m simply not voting this year appalled amp sad at the divide betw partyrt acrusoejr romney v obama. the baby know.  indian_muffin thank you crossing finger 4 barackobama but have faith that he will do well rt grandaddyjoel rt shadbrricks rt barackobama you see u you better run nigga bullet hot like the sun nigga. infographic country music ha a much more diverse political spectrum than you might imagine election2012 obama ha vote obama amp teamobama trending.. romney s got.. umm oh yeah jack shit prt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt mariamveiszadeh dear friend in the usa don t vote for romney. regards the rest of the world uselection2012 rt iobey_histongue my president is black ..dirt dishin debbie firedebbie light t-shirt teaparty gop via dirtdishndebbie followrt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..polls now open in all 50 state obama2012rt siponmytee -i m ready for obama to win already cause the dumb shit i m seeing on my tl is ridiculous rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt monique_lashae shut yo dirty bigfeet rude square as head no life racist ass up ricky_catanzaro no nigger should lead th ..rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..i vote for toy. election2012infographic country music ha a much more diverse political spectrum than you might imagine election2012rt lilyrayson come on obamart janesvillejedi today the united states end the horrible experiment that wa the obama presidency. happyrestorationday tcotyess all those fucking commercial will stop running tonight so sick of them election2012if i wa in america i d be voting for barackobama what about you rt kojoshow take a break from election2012 coverage and tune into techtuesday. we re talking 3d printer tablet sandy s tech imp ..rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012she ha to be reading from the same notecards romney used during the 1st debate.smh. obama a sr in h ha. now i m a grown as man bout to vote lol. obama 2012 blackamerica rt lara_christina dear every able bodied mericans that did not vote today. i hope you get abducted by the bad alien amp really pai ..might stay up all night and watch the u.s election coverage obama2012rt globalpost . motherjones is mapping voter suppression and poll problem election2012rt bronxzooscobra don t take your freedom for granted. don t be an asp. vote today. election2012voting still doesn t stop people line up during lunch time to cast their vote election2012 ucfknightlynews rt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. mowe voted obama2012 moveforward poll vote rockthevote instahub instapic instagood infographic country music ha a much more diverse political spectrum than you might imagine election2012i voted did you vote barackobama and say yes to amendment 2doesn t matter who you vote for just go vote american election2012 electionday exerciseyourrights ivoted rt fedor4 breaking mitt romney about to be charged with violating federal ethics law - wradiocolombiaok hand up fellow political junky who else is gearing up for an all-nighter watching the election2012 on tv and socialmedia rt itstycun __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama let s make ..did you vote yet what wa your polling place like let u know election2012 remember you can report any issue to 1-800-go-vote.i see voteobama teamobama and obama2012 in my trending topic but no love for romney hart itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..i voted obama2012rt quietconfidenc3 i never really got that into politics but this time it mean alot more. go vote obama bidenout voting w pretty_pee this morning obama2012 rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt duhh_nage norwood2012 obama2012 we re taking over. know the team.good luck obama obama attualit outside of the science building obama2012 that would scare me into voting for romneyryan2012 glennbeck voting booth next to obama mural. we love obama barackobama . dutchpeopleloveobama let your voice be heard go vote election2012 18002sellhomes voterampant injustice obamaspolicestate tcot cliveobianyor bros it all in the name of love for barackobama. forwardpretty cool in the yahoonews election control room election2012 not a fan of either puppet but anyone but mitt the flip-flopping plonker. shouldhavebeenronpaul obamaare yah fucking cause goddamn rt realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan2012 vote2012 votepeople who want to talk politics at least know what you re talking about so you don t make a fool of yourself in the process election2012rt jwonder21 im going to vote obamajust landed in boston to cover brown warren election2012 usavotesi voted getting halo via ups. bulls game today. political circus tonight. its a good day obama2012rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt dhrxsol1234 gag.. gt shown here is a polling site in philadelphia with a mural of president obama. tcotrt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt theofficialkaya hey mittromney don t forget to voteobama rt iwilkissitright we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt sktv_ chill dont tweet obama2012 cuz the fbi gon kill you and your vote wont count - a dumb n ggart gregjennings it is a great day to begreat and go vote no matter where you live or what you believe let your voice be heard today ..he understands that not everyone ha disposable money to solve all their problem obama2012in abq nm s south valley lg_ofa and mayra are ready to rock for barackobama obamanos .rt sturdyalex watch the video read the story underneath. answers on a postcard. voterigging obama romney  _yahhvonne trickortreak mitt romney gonna take away water cup from chipotle haha obama2012 lmfaoo every vote and voice count go out there election2012 rt if you are voting rt faithoverfear7 barackobama sim_inc didiskky we will forward 4moreyearsrt classyelephant well y all today s the day. let s change america back from this socialist progressive trap that we ve fallen into. .. gop in pa go down in philly and film and cause a commotion we can play that too not2average_ i m unfollowing anybody who down my man obama real shittake your country back you bitter people clinging to your gun and bible stop the socialist steam roller romneyryan2012rt sgbz breaking ballot tampering suspect identified - and she s a right-wing activist p2 tcotif you aint obama2012 bite your tongue and drown in your own bloodrt fillthechair the dow is happy happy happy. investors have a good feeling that romney is being elected today. tcot ccot gop ..i learned that chucktodd ha his own man-cave over there.. dying. i love these boys. election2012 obamabiden2012 msnbcabout to take the stage mmckinnon excited to hear him talk about election2012 rt defendpaulryan rt if you voted romneyryan2012 today loveofcountry tcotrt lukemitchell__ if i were american i d vote obama. presidentialelectionrt zz_yodo_zz jcoxx_hoop if i said team romney every body on my tl would be ready to fight rt michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. ..rt tvrain_en usa president election 2012. check out twitter-compilation on tvrain obama romney election2012 polls are now open in all 50states. election2012i want to thank marklevinshow seanhannity limbaugh glennbeck michellemalkin sarahpalinusa amp more for their courageous leadership tcot ericbolling im an unemployed gulfstream amp boeing aircraft mechanic so im allowed some leeway right - jk every1 vote mittromney needwork these shoe are made for voting aauw fem2 election2012 rt usahipster never forget. obama gave order for military to stand down and let ambassador stevens and others die romneyryan2012 htt ..i m african american female live in ny and voted for mitt romney. cnn foxnews mitt2012 barackobama i with you your responsible for my future and i trust youexclusive security official on the ground in libya challenge cia account ccot cvn rr12 election2012 dnc teamob  barackobama look forward to mitt romneys speech tonight after he loses americaforwardrt fran_tarkenton voting is the foundational act that breathes life into the principle of the consent of the governed. -deforest soar ..voting barackobamart byrdmanbrr everyone have a great day if u haven t voted get up now and go vote for obama everyone say a good prayer too w ..rt __nahsjaa teamobama all dayy obama gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt g ..rt michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. ..election day is finally here have you voted yet vote2012 election2012watching election return tonight be sure to check out the aarp election center election2012what obama has done for america - the final argument vote obama2012a letter from a son to his father about voting for obama rt gomittromney we built it obama broke it now it time for u to fix it americastrong teamromney romneyryan2012 election2012 barackobama romney in giant elephant doo doo metaphor republican mitt s the tit election2012 romneyryan myvogue33_ey be proud to be in american vote mittromney lets keep our freedom and get an america back on her foot you are wise usatoday feel like christmas. i just hope santa brings merica a good leader. romneyryan2012love that my grandaddy is a state representative so he can tell me exactly who and what to vote for romneyryan2012rt savage_syd mittromney va is a crucial state in this election your vote could make the difference. please get out and vote today. ..rt chaudoin22 friends don t let friend vote for obama romneyryan2012..sometimes i think..shouldn t the national guard have been here in chicago a long time ago cpd doesn t have enough manpower.. obama2012us decides this ha been the most expensive campaign in us history and one of the most tightly contested obama romneyyou have brain in your head. you have foot in your shoes. you can steer yourself any direction you choose. choose to vote election2012rt gomittromney today america ha the chance to return the principle that made it the greatest country on earth rt for teamromney ..go and vote today find your polling place noexcuses election2012 vote obama2012 vote obama2012 vote obama2012 vote obama2012 vote obama2012 vote obama2012 vote obama2012 vote right nowi m going to be a ball of nerve today deblina_tw excited nervous hopeful obama2012everyone go out and vote today make the right decision and don t set our country back.. obama approve74..good luck barackobama mittromney come on teamobama ultimatetexan mittromney paulryanvp tedcruz i wish i had the chance to vote for ted cruz..what a good guy..i may have to move election day election2012 america usa proudtobeanamerican freedom govote rt kernelwars breaking ballot tampering suspect identified - and she s a right-wing activist voteobama obama20 ..image warning politically incorrect tcot  obama vs mitty romney.. us election.. hmmh who will be the last man standing let the right man win let the chosen ruledamn i wish i could vote.. miss it by 10 day election2012 voteobamart verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..rt clem_sux romney obama spurrier election2012obama ready my mickey mouse shirt turnt up ..he said fuck mitt romney obama2012 rt betseyross priest s powerful election messge to american catholics amp all christians tcot p2 ncpol lnyh ..billionaire obama solyndra bundler george kaiser evaded paying taxes for years romneyryan2012i re-tweet more than i tweet so here s a tweet hi oh and go vote obama2012man this line long as shiit i m the only nygga in here voting for teamromney lls sike naw obama all day salutert m_ignatieff here s who i d be voting for today if i could election2012rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..so tempting to write you go girl on barackobama s instagram pictures. or like work it b tch.. work it voteordie mittromney last chance to change the world for the better everyone vote mitt romney today one vote is a vote towards a new start rt fran_tarkenton voting is the foundational act that breathes life into the principle of the consent of the governed. -deforest soar ..rt zillastevenson rsmccain ha the ground report from ohio soon to be known a romneyland. mittromney tcot hey mittromney don t forget to voteobama can t believe i have to wait four more year for more debates. election2012rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolthis is the day that we get to have our say about what happens to our country. vote romneyryan2012 and stand up for freedom.does the rest of the world favor obama or romney click here to find out - election2012 worldpoliticsrt marisamercanti if romney win tonight i m going to be like brb moving home . vote obamathinks they should run uselection2012 on gmt to better time 4 u to watch result obama2012rt hexmurda if u vote for mittromney uahoe.rt ofa_pa rt this if you ve voted for barackobama today.rt houston_lee tired of seeing of all the presidential politics. just ready to see who win hopefully romneyryan2012rt christiancha im voting for barackobama someone who work for the american dream no matter color religion or sexual preferen .. 2012election i stood an hour in the cold this morning to cast my vote mittromneylets hope sanity prevails and obama is re elected. camdashit showing my ballot bruh election2012 rt appletej luwisking appletej who s leading us election hehe obama ftw in case you haven t heard it s election day romneyryan2012 for the record i m voting for gary johnson today but i m on team romney. being in ma mean my vote won t count though.hope my roomz have fun voting for the first time romneyryan2012 kdawgindahouse darby_elyssadon t marginalize america vote atleast vote for your state and local props obama obamaforcalijust voted. obama2012 ivoted for obama obama2012the real reason why romney can t win the election he doesn t talk funny. election2012rt fran_tarkenton voting is the foundational act that breathes life into the principle of the consent of the governed. -deforest soar ..rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt tylertippetts clear eyes full heart cant lose romney ryan2012my ballot is cast. is yours obama2012i voted romneyryan2012 voted guy told me congratulation like three time before i went lol i feel really awesome at the moment obama2012 votetodayi will be in desmoines today covering election2012 for isutv tune in tonight at 9 for our special coverage rt tattedpapichulo mitt romney losing in massachusetts a state that he governed. why vote for him when his own people don t want him ..rt theyoungturks live tyt election coverage 7pm-12am et p2 tcot nikkihaley this georgia voter is a fan of nikki haley clear eye full heart can t lose. voteforamerica romneyryan2012 barackobama wish i could but u canadian can t.rt ashbeenofficial rt snowman_bitch13 win lose or draw we congratulate you already homie..1st black president .. obama barackobama vote obama i voted for you because while i may not always agree with you i believe that you want to do right by the country.rt elishanews again socialism tell we the people what we can or can t do. constitutionalism tell government what they can or ca ..rt usahipster never forget. obama gave order for military to stand down and let ambassador stevens and others die romneyryan2012 htt ..please go vote today nobama cantafford4more romneyryan2012 exerciseyourvote rt briaamedore get out there and vote georgeamedore statesenate election2012rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known rt jibtrim some say my vote in ca is meaningless. i say eff you tcot romney2012rt iilluminateyou i need all my followers to rt this dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known rt hellotrillkitty this is a little funny bankrollmarkus romney v obama. the baby know. rt sagesavant it s time to pray election election2012 tcotthe hunger games wa an awesome movie..but vote for obama if you want to live it. romneyryan2012rt marcus_cool_ass realstaceydash mittromney reppaulryan bitch if romney win i ma have somebody fuck you uprt thehandeman sadly old racial issue will be dug up and blamed if romney win but it is truly about so much more than that. elec ..in line with my sister for her first time to vote election2012 callmesushii obama is so cute man obama2012 rt bernard_steveo if i am nervous to find out if i won a fantasy football game. imagine how obama and romney feel mittromney don t forget to vote obama rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt stephenmengland michelleobama imagine what barack can do in four more year . yeah sweetie i know--that s why i m voting tc ..rt drbaingram prophecy if barakobama win god s clock for patience ha expired if mittromney win god ha given u an extension. ..rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolrt brittanyluree galynn_padron go vote then get your as to the gym election2012rt naypoppington voteobama and obama2012 are trending throughout the us romney s nowhere on the tt board. i have hope lol.rt usahipster roflmao pic obama obamacare emc pickup trucks in austin texas bush sign on window vote romneyryan2012 ..yes gt gt gt navy seals attack obama with billboards in texas romneyryan2012 election2012 interesting worth it to read fact rt hearthemcoming mittromney hugh_hewitt free the less government. more fun. daily news - see what s importan ..aye mittromney are you ok are you ok mittromney be the change go vote obama2012rt zztro if mittromney wins i call the side of the cotton field with the most shade please god let romney win romneyryan2012 mittromney2012today is election day. smile amp vote. xo obama biden ballot referendum74 gay lgbtq transgender rpdr voting for romney taking picture of your ballot amp putting it on the internet is perfectly legal obama2012rt dtulz slightly over 4 year ago i first cast a vote for barackobama. today i am thrilled and honored to vote for him again vot ..what ha my generation come to.. ashamed election2012 shaayohyayy govgaryjohnson barackobama mittromney how awesome shannon gogaryjohnson livefree tlotrt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..jeezy s my president is black still brings up the same emotion that i felt the night potus obama wa elected in 2008..i voted obama obama2012 biden cnnelection election2012 govotert collegetownlife alright everybody we all understand our duty to get out there and vote. now please shut the fuck up. election2012praying for my country today. election2012 romneyryan2012 my attire for the day who am i a bitch who don t like mittromneyat least i voted romneyryan2012obama v romney basketball game. whoever win get the presidency obama2012rt vanessalachey make sure your voice is heard.. vote election2012rt beakstreetbugle the ad leading up to election2012 in the usa have been the most expensive ever. but are they any good ..rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known yo mittromney you lose this election come chill wit yung pat y in tha tuck. ill get you trippin on them bar rt skmsail loved voting at marinamateurradioclub for election2012 and seeing our neighborhood come alive doyourcivicduty thatbravepotter barack obama ha read all the seven harry potter book to his daughters. voteobama election2012 rt listeningdev barackobama can you find the time to stop the black panthers from intimidating voter all y all who living good off financial aid if y all want that shit next year y all betta get in the booth obama2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012weak ny mayor michael no balls bloomberg caves in to anti-capitalism occupy mob romneyryan2012chrysler give worker day off to vote via politico election2012 gotv votert brandyourself if you were affected by hurricanesandy you can vote anywhere in new york there s no reason to not cast your ballot ..rt brat_problems changed my clock sunday. hopefully changing my president today. romneyryan2012 rt usahipster never forget pic obama and michelle at alinsky dinner in chicago. kick the communists out. vote romneyryan2012 ..rt itsgabrielleu we vote we win forward obama2012 vote vote votert officialmoya he doubled funding for pell grants helping to make college more affordable for nearly 10 million families. govote ..remember bush apologized to the head of the g8 for the economic crisis originating in the us but he didn t apologize to you. p1 p2 goprt craftyme25 cnn crawler wall street overwhelmingly support mitt romney.why he vow 2 roll back regulation consumer protection ..just voted for the first time election2012chicago going hard for obama.. hometownmytownchitownwhat time uk time do we find out who ha won the election election2012rt eric_jotkoff university of florida gatorsforobama turning out in huge number to support barackobama voteobama students4obama h ..rt defendpaulryan rt if you voted romneyryan2012 today loveofcountry tcotabout to go vote obama2012mitt romney seems like a right twat to me obamafired up ready to vote potus election2012 gotvrt thehermancain these people say romney s tax plan doesn t add up but this poll doe tcot obama 2012 ya nigga got till 6 if u ain t made it yet rt sarahpompei what 800 vols getting out the vote on the garden floor look like. thousands more across the country for mittromney ht ..make sure everyone get out there and vote. one vote can make a difference .. obama2012 rt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. mo romney to misameach pa if only there were more orthodox jews in the tri-state area we d be in great shape to win. yossigestetnerwould you like my vote barackobama oh i m sorry i can t vote fur revenge i ll vote romney and vote for america  thehermancain and we re off have you voted yet tcot for president obamart adobe happy electionday here s some election2012 creative design and webdev project guaranteed to entertain no matter who wins 99 still lose election2012 pickyourpoison yeson502 yeson37 yeson64 govote canadarepresentrt betseyross fraud obama mural in philadelphia polling place ncpol p2 lnyhbt msnbc cnn abc cbs tcotrt kqk2 in 08 i wa shocked how many people showed up at 7am with bedhead amp pjs. this morning back to normal - red state tcot lon ..rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 michellemalkin you re going to be in for a surprise. obama2012rt kqk2 flotus twitter account sending dm spam to people who don t even follow her election2012 tcotdon t forget to go out and vote aapi election2012 vote2012rt timkennedymma happy election day everyone. remember to make your vote count obama biden2012 romney ryan2012 kennedy s ..rt dr_brazyrichjae s o to obama everybody go vote obeey_desii realmute_ download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..i am ready for the iphone 5. i am over the iphone 4. obama2012this is crazy vote 4 me maybe obama vote callmemaybe 2012 i didnt vote for obama because he s black. i vote for him b c i want to continue to attend college obama2012 2termswhy is voteobama promoted are only democratic candidates promoted on twitter disappointing romneyryan2012rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt esgaroth detroit polls obama campaigner punches voter in face casting a revenge vote it would seem.. tcot ..finna go get some as first bust this nut then imma go vote for you. barackobama collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp im over here like i love luke bryan election2012 mayleyhostellerromney or obama romneyryan2012 obamabiden2012obama ha inspired me.. to vote for romney. romneyryan2012rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012good luck and thought to barackobama with the presidential election from across the pond nbc s savannah guthrie sees hurricane sandy a sent seemingly from above to help obama get re-elected w.. tcotthey ran out of ballot in clinton township michigan wow election2012 barackobama family is praying for your re-election tonight. god bless.rt dhrxsol1234 gag.. gt shown here is a polling site in philadelphia with a mural of president obama. tcotrt christians4mitt if you re-elect obama you know what you re going to get a repeat of the last 4 years. romneyryan2012 tcot vot ..i actually don t wanna hear any shit talking if obama win for 4 year till y all actually see what happens.rt karlee_burrows feeling like a good citizen voting romneyryan2012rt conservative_vw almost there uninstalling barackobama 1.0 99 complete today we vote him out drive someone ..the idea of mitt romney a the most powerful man in the world scare the shit out of me. obama2012rt laydihd allegation of union putting illegal immigrant on voter roll cloud nevada voting - foxnews tcotrt kqk2 in 08 i wa shocked how many people showed up at 7am with bedhead amp pjs. this morning back to normal - red state tcot lon ..rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt agentm thank jengrunwald for making this i voted sticker featuring captainamerica election2012rt braxton_casey i m so nervous about this election romneyryan2012 joelosteen declare this i know what s in my future is greater than what s in my past. romneyryan2012rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012lol i know smh egypt_kold ajthetruth24 mittromney if he win he closin the tiddy bars.. lol alot of u aint gone have a job lol me and mz_preci0us_j and raychell gone have to take one class each semester and live n our cars if romney becomes presidentrt letoyaluckett rt barackobama just a few vote could make the difference in this election grab a friend when you vote today. ..rt jessicaruthxoxo love love love the excitement on campus today every vote sign or chalk writing ha the obama o tufts oba ..rt ashb_knows hearing or seeing issue at the poll in ohio tell u voter hotline 1-855-vote-199 or tweet ofa_oh obama2012rt finqerinyatweet obama got my vote rt realdonaldtrump before you vote think obama want to raise tax mittromney want to lower taxes--need i say more  bigbank_back well we can sure mine wen i get em nxt year lml obama2012rt 2016libertarian let s hear your voice who is your vote going to this election 2012 vote romney obama johnson presidentrt abc watch exclusive election night preshow coverage - streaming now election2012 queenbcakeyxx if you are registered to vote go vote obama2012come on barackobama let s win this by a landslide even though i m british xort fuckromney__ fuck you sir mittromneyi made a difference voted makeadifference election2012 halverson school voting done pretty long line here in brooklyn so early obama2012 barackobama if he can find the time to make call today so can you vote2012twitter and politics just don t go together imout obama2012civic duty done cavoter election2012 vote voto2012 shocking no philly voter fraud benghazi coverup or storm recovery failure story on huh. rpof tcot teapartyrt iilluminateyou i need all my followers to rt this dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known rt leaveamarc lol voteobama is a paid promoted hashtag while romneyryan2012 is trending at the top on it own.follow our live election update throughout the day election2012that might not work rt __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama rt genuinely_bri shondarhimes i got up at 6am amp voted for the first time proud obama2012rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..rt agentm thank jengrunwald for making this i voted sticker featuring captainamerica election2012election day muthafukaa romneyryan2012rt gop reuters romney cast vote feel great about ohio gopmomentum tcotpretty cool feeling voting for someone from my hometown romneyryan2012rt cj31016 the coverage of election2012 on bing is just excellent. check it out bingelectionsi have done my duty a an american. election2012 today is it govote obama2012 rt chicodelainky republican voter must be so confused. they only see one mitt romney on the ballot. election2012rt theeblaqk_queen this election is gonna give me anxiety all day until i hear barackobama is reelectedrt feel_destweets i want to graduate from college.. that speaks for itself.. election2012rt mr_lincoln i believe trickle down economics work i believe the earth is flat. i believe rush limbaugh is a nice guy. i believe ..realest shit you ever tweeted rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt kpep25 if romney win the election i invite everyone to move to canada and live in my house. election2012 voteobama kokobopsbout to go vote cuz my vote count obamai wonder what people will be freaking out about after today. election2012does a senior in your life need help voting today make sure their voice count i m taking my m-i-l. eldercare vote obama2012 red blue election2012 some inspiration for an election day party rt bradthor it is not good enough to simply beat obama. he amp his failed leftist anti-american ideology must be resoundingly bea ..springsteen jay-z put the pop in obama rally - sfgate via fancaster springsteen obama jay-z election let s go vote barackobamaamerica fuck yeah obama david stern should fine romney for flopping too much election2012 romney fakert scottarobison proud to cast my vote today for mittromney and patmccrorync danforestncwapo i voted because.. viz someone did not vote for the lulz election2012leavinq from votinq na at taco bell obama ivoted today election2012 teamobamaoff to fayette county to vote love this day. one of my favorite a an amaerican election2012 electiondaytell ohio s secretary of state count every vote via credomobile election2012rt leoterms i only vote for leos election2012check your polling place chicago election2012 rt shatkins schubert for president election2012 naturalbornliederget out there and vote romneyryan2012 rt katewalsh . barackobama is fighting for all americans not just the lucky few. vote forward  mittromney done  anndromney mittromney we re working hard for you in nc lets get this thing done i voted did you electionday obamahour-by-hour here s a rough timeline of what to expect a poll close ctvelection election2012 uspolirt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt bbcnewsus the economy iran healthcare abortion - what would romney and obama do cont crony corruption obama advisor david prend wa solyndra investor amp solyndra inside man at wh romneyryan2012 mittromney paulryanvp. we re all with you together we re going to win rock on america. if you don t vote for obama your racist. just saying. obama2012rt eanewsfeed israel- palestine live 6 november palestinian negotiator say lavrov support the un bid ..she voted today lol team obama 2012 babyy up early and happy and excited to go vote go obama vote obamart cloewearsjeans attention people spread the word obama2012 rt johnsykes1035 us election is a referendum on civilization only nation left in which freedom is still on the ballot ..rt verifiedwhitney obama 49 romney 49 it s a tie. voteobama obama2012seriously if i wa american i would be voting for barackobama no brainer really voteobamart literallyfedup remember when obama shoved obamacare down our throat today we shove obamacare up his a ..rt westjournalism ny times analyst real sense of enthusiasm for romney campaign tcot literallyfedup remember when obama shoved obamacare down our throat today we shove obamacare up his a . ohio pa va vote mittromneymore people would vote if try got a tshirt at the end instead of a sticker. ohvote vote election2012 good luck from the uk to mittromney barackobama in today us presidential election. will be watching a it unfoldsrt ronniejordan anybody who s ever gotten financial aid for college should be voting for obama2012while voting today don t make a mittstake obamart collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt eamoz america whole world bar pakistan amp israel want mittromney to beat barackobama. surely speaks volume of the concern ..rt gop ohio early vote down 4.1 in blue county up 14.4 in red- gopmomentum tcotrt trillnae romneyryan2012 tweet me a picture of your ballot for romney. he got this republicans. whoo eff this nigger red ..rt harikondabolu romney is the rich kid in school who ignores you until he need help. if he win do you think he ll still be nice to ..even dog know who to vote for.. obama2012 forward latergram today s the day they say it s gonna come down to ohio.. i hope every single person voted can t wait til to tonight obama2012i voted obama2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 retweet follow rightminority amp tcot_followback amp everyone who rts this to gain followers ff followback teamfollowback f4f tcot 9cast your vote for romney voteobama romney obamacelebrating my lil si 1st time voting vote obama2012 rt kqk2 flotus twitter account sending dm spam to people who don t even follow her election2012 tcotrt ofa_pa rt this if you ve voted for barackobama today. defendpaulryan rt if you voted romneyryan2012 today loveofcountry tcot just a little case of election fever. election obama nail songza obama2012 election2012 obamasplaylist rt lauriebailey it s the dawning of a new day in america. vote vote vote romneyryan2012stop posting votes online cause its illegal an obama just lost 3 of his votes dumbasspeople they ouchea obama obama already in so let obama win listen to the song via youtube support the movement espinks flyent obama2012smh stop posting picture . of obama everybody know u can t post the ballet instagram is making obama loose you know you lost when you still campaigning on election day..yea i m lookin you mittromneyrt southwest_dude as a conservative i only want 3 thing today the presidency the senate and the house gop romneyryan2012rt askmen don t forget to vote can t find your polling station google can help election2012where are people getting this nonsense from president obama losing 3 because people posting pictures..rt prettylil_flaw im unfollowing all negative as people today obama2012photo check your polling place chicago election2012  barackobama i ve got your continental flair -- sorry to leave off hi and ak. rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt huffingtonpost rt if you are voting today election2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt united_ignited warning obama is the progressive communist s now or never president . they will do anything to keep him in power. ..rt jengrunwald didn t get an i voted sticker here i made this for you election2012 captainamerica rt randini22 well almost everybody on my tl is for romneyryan2012 .. but then again most my friend are white friend and not on fo ..rt michelleobama today is the day we re-elect barackobama it s going to be a good one voting is like driving if you want to go backwards choose r . if you want to go forward choose d obama2012rt toasttherabbit blaiddwolfe spread this shit like wildfire. electionfraud barackobama romney is a fucking g so that s why he s gonna win obama2012 for progression. mittromney i hopee yo no good as loose . .rt tonymontana_44 whose everyone voting for election2012rt thehermancain wow rt caintv romney leading ohio early voting by 92 00 tcot barackobama i want you win the election .. i really hope latinoamerica love you. blessing so excited about tonight election2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt sydulzz if romney win i m moving to australia obama2012rt jaykumar2014 why vote for mitt when he can t even win his own state obama2012 anndromney mittromney cause mitt need the 47 he regard so poorly to believe in him. jeep jeeprt loschasindreams stick to actin in low budget b.e.t. movie stfu rt realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4 ..bin laden is dead gm is alive obama vote mittromney make sure u vote for obama bitch rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..why are you voting today election2012 he s got jungle fever i ve got jungle fever we ve got jungle fever we re in love junglefever orection obama2012 barackobamahappy election day get out and vote election2012 mtvnews beyonce barackobama she say what she think. and what she say and think is true lt 3 barackobama come on obama you can do thisrt conservativegal rt billbotex navy seals need to show up amp stand next to the black panther thug omg tcot teaparty conserv ..i wanna smell 4 more year of that bo obama2012 manderson1988romney is a great choice for president if you happen to be a straight white male that is. obama2012 m_ignatieff here s who i d be voting for today if i could election2012 good read i wanna go get me an obama shirt final battleground poll has romney winning independents by 15 points via gatewaypundit tcot tbrsrt usahipster never forget. michelle obama invites rapper to white house to sing cop killer songs vote romneyr ..leggo romney election2012happy election day let s win our country back romney vote americacivic duty done..no line no fuss..i have done what i can to correct the mistake i made 4 year ago.. talkmaster election2012rt misenber01 so b.o. took the day off to play basketball but mittromney is still working. typical. ruddan can t even pay attention in class my mind is on casting my vote towards a better future for this country romneyryan2012 true rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt harrietbaldwin flashback pa senator bob casey voted to continue funding acorn via breitbartnews tcot teapa ..voted in my first major election and then celebrated with starbucks proudtobeanamerican pumpkinspice election2012rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012rt picsell anamariecox our family exists mitt. and we vote ivoted obama2012  barackobama i will work with anybody of any party to move this country forward. president obama rt sarahpompei clermont county oh ave 50 ballot per hour. normally 15 per hour. did i mention that s a big gop county romneyryan2012 election2012-candidates still campaigning..hoping to make the victory speech in only a few hour now. everything hinge on the swingstatesall poll are now open in alaska obama2012rt naypoppington voteobama and obama2012 are trending throughout the us romney s nowhere on the tt board. i have hope lol.rt globalbc facebook real-time vote tracker election2012 trendingnowbcrt 99ermikeb even if i wasn t a dem i wouldn t vote romney. he s like a fart in the kitchen with cheap air freshener sprayed all ove ..rt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. mort lanes_ww retweet this if you want obama to win and i ll follow you but you must follow back unfollow 90sbabyfollowtrainrt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt fratcollection election day pocket now available at romneyryan2012 please rt for chance to win thanks. ht ..some of the editor about to rock the vote liu election2012  barackobama i want a call it s not about obama it s about yomama barackobama your speech in iowa last night wa inspiring rt daleahlovee_ wish i could vote obamaevidently my voting location is just this weird guy brian s basement lot of pentagram on the wall wa told by a dem to go here tcotrt huffingtonpost the most racist moment of election2012 rt iobey_histongue my president is black ..rt bbcnewsus the economy iran healthcare abortion - what would romney and obama do differently on key us election2012 issue ht ..rt faithandfreedom today is election day go to the polls tcot votei m scared af for today romneyryan2012 already voted for barackobama last week so proud to have voted for the first time and so happy it count for florida swingstate obama2012 rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012 singerboyjetz you dont see photos like this of romney.. obama2012 if obama doesn t win this election is because dumb as people are posting there ballot on fb twiiter amp so son smh this need to stoprt feel_destweets i want to graduate from college.. that speaks for itself.. election2012rt feel_destweets i want to graduate from college.. that speaks for itself.. election2012happy election day educate yourself on both barackobama and mittromney s plan for health care vote rt dsparker_1 scalia on restoring constitution i don t know that i m optimistic tcot .. barackobama it cause my family republican isnt it rt betseyross democrat thugs black panthers return to philly gop tossed out update fight ncpol p2 lnyhbt m ..rt ericstangel when you go to the poll today don t forget to write in firenorv.. election2012rt briellejanz collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan elec ..rt __bang2x if you do decide to post a pic of your ballot make sure the bubble next to romney is filled. obama.rt getoffmyshoes ahaha rt punishme_ romney v obama. the baby know. rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt will32283 sistertoldjah voted romneyryan2012 patmccrorync danforestnc richardhudson turning america amp nc red forgetti .. bobdylan predicts obama in a landslide law yoga madison amherst cleveland ohio obama2012 prayingfervently for this great nation and for a romneyryan2012 victory. please rt if you are joining in prayer. godbless amp saveamerica  barackobama just a few vote could make the difference in this election grab a friend when you vote today. go vote today is probably one of the worst day to have a government class electionday obama romney blahblahrt arlingtongop 7 hour to go polling place in va. open until 7 pm - don t miss your chance to vote romneyryan2012 ..rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..can t vote till i get out of class today but i hope you re all taking advantage of your right to do so your voice matter election2012rt nychange don t let sandy drown out our vote. get to the poll before 9pm tonight amp make sure our community are heard election2012rt datechguyblog gop poll inspector being kicked out of polling place in philly ward 6 12 18 20 24 29 32 39 43 56 65 . ..rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012i really want obama to win the election if i lived in america i d voteobama unless you re rich and can benefit from romney barackobamart itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt miss_facetious if obama wasn t running i still wouldn t vote for romney rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012 noorthinks ofa_illinois barackobama obama attack and kill innocent in pak in drone attack noobama boycott election muslimvotepeople..there is a difference in being unaware of a law and being oblivious to a law. inform the uninformed educate election2012 magiciansbook no waiting at precinct 303 in oklahoma. election2012 vote america do a yer telt and vote for obama. the other guy is a snakeoil salesman. albeit a successful one. obama2012 thejusticedept voting machine allegedly register obama vote a romney vote election2012 hmm.. rt iwilkissitright my president is black .. melissabelden yes they do obama  tcot romneyryan2012 tlot gop rt trumpetman vote like your stranded in benghazi and obama is your lifeline .what is this line which one this is so unorganized. election2012rt fran_tarkenton voting is the foundational act that breathes life into the principle of the consent of the governed. -deforest soar ..just out. voted obamathe former is rare if non-existent and not partisan. the latter is real and organized. election2012rt agentm thank jengrunwald for making this i voted sticker featuring captainamerica election2012rt ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -rasrt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012yall shut the fuck up obama2012 okrt thurt512 yes sir romneyryan2012 rt ihoenation if you are a romney supporter please post a picture of your completed ballot show your support for romney rt amp spr ..rt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. mo vote romney because he s probably the antichristrt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012it s twitter s world we just live in it. election2012rocking the made tee voteordie rt coachphrozen1 voting firstofallwevote obama dgreeknalia hotasalleverything rt neneleakes we vote we win obama rt scienceofsin super obamaniacs vote in virginia. let s get er done vaforobama vote barackobama katyperry go vote obamart anselmiandining did you vote today choose your cookie wisely.. election2012 sweettweet get out that popcorn this gonna be good election2012 uswahlrt ocamericans wow all this office needs is a leader ny post cover photo tcot  barackobama here in ohio the people r getting messed around. voting place have changed to new location n forced to do provisional ballotrt j_mayorgaa obama-277 romney-191 obama2012 moveforward 2termzrt ecumittromney rt if you voted for america s comeback team romneyryan2012future of rail riding on metro referendum opponent say fellow robert stein quoted in houstonchron. election2012rt janemarielynch planned parenthood- we re gonna get rid of that mitt romney. vote barackobama today. you don t own me psa - ht .. barackobama if he can find the time to make call today so can you .. ma am. rt lisamccray tonic813 i m gonna assume that you re talking about romneyexcited to vote for my first time today romneyryan2012rt huffingtonpost how to block election day nagging from your twitter feed election2012 what kinda man say woman shouldnt use tampon that s like saying men shouldn t pee standing up. vote obama2012rt lolgop the candidate who know that if every citizen can vote they ll lose romneyryan2012cast your vote for romney voteobama romney obamatime to go vote obamafunny business philly gop official booted black panthers return - amp obama at polling site fox news tcot tlot liyahbabiduh liltrill thuggaman504 leak words are power intro 504unit feat. barackobama wordsarepower coming rtrt jasminegambrell one big a mistake america romneyryan2012  romeny might win because all the people who are voting for obama are taking pic of their ballot so their vote are being disqualified.. washington not sure wheretovote check out here go out and vote for freedom tcot romeny latino woman jobrt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp ..we vote i vote obama2012 hehehehe rt menhumor hi mittromney dont forget to voteobama today rt srichert49p shannonsteidl front page of ny post today lnyhbt tcot nevada virginiart westjournalism navy seals expose obama tcotrt l1ldebbie i voted early now it s ur turn vote 2day 4 barackobama to keep this man in the white house we need him rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpoli m not that worried about people getting out to vote. i am worried about the gop altering the results. vote democratic to stop the madnessrt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012rt jordansekulow mittromney this is it. make sure you vote today. find your polling location ..rt pitapolicy it s out of my hand now. it s in yours. rt ofa_va 5 thing you can do right now to help barackobama ..appalling illegal. obama image next to voting booth in philly - election2012 tcot gop2012srt mimiandelman mt tb_times florida robocalls urge voter to vote -- tomorrow. pinellas election2012 pol .. barackobama if you had used the same energy running the country a you used trying to get re-elected this election would be over.rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..people talking about only barackobama cause we see the lie of mittromneytruth. if you follow politics you know.rt globalpost . motherjones is mapping voter suppression and poll problem election2012rt dzekichan10 romney ha hope for millionaire obama ha hope for million obama2012..but i did go vote obamart andrew_jenkins privileged to work with young people who vote not out of fear but out of compassion amp love for one another. e ..obama tries keeping white house visitor logs secret amp off-limits romneyryan2012get out and vote obama rt tnr why wall street is probably preparing to crawl back to democrats after election2012 via mtreddenahh get out and vote today obama2012don t sleep on barry o dont obama meggersxx download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012rt happy election day 21 834 487 barackobama followers firedup govote ivoted teamobama readytogo forward rt jadorediorx3 i have a strong feeling that barackobama is going to win .rt raybeckerman rt ibbchris rt channel1atlanta election2012 malfunctioning machine reported throughout south florida ..election day follow tcdickens who built best groundgame in the country w 14 million fl voter contact wisconsinalumniassociation tcotrt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012 mittromney i won t say whom of the running i voted for but it sure wasn t romney. damn robocalling politician from h ll. no vote for you.high voter turnout mean long election2012 line in mn umn voteumnrt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..rt fergie i have made my choice. my hope is 4 president barackobama 2 get reelected amp get more time 2 turn this country around. ..vote as if your life depends on it he deserves our vote for so many reasons time for a change he got my vote obama2012i don t care who you vote for just getoutandvote election2012rt ofa_nc already cast your ballot for barackobama make sure others join you teamobamart verifiedwhitney obama 49 romney 49 it s a tie. voteobama obama2012rt ap_archive download free ap_mobile news app for iphone amp android w real-time news update while waiting to vote election2 ..rt hot1039sc do not post pic of your ballot online it can void your vote send pic of ur sticker or pin only election2012 barackobama s new pink panthers at it again in philly. 70 republican poll watcher prevented from entering polling place.rt keahukahuanui go and vote today find your polling place noexcuses election2012go vote damnit election2012 fromacanadiantotheamericansproud to have voted for jahimes rockthevote election2012rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012 barackobama if he can find the time to make call today so can you so cute omgrt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012the teaparty batshittery in harrisonburg va. rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolrt lissyy22 why do you wanna be equal with everyone if you work hard you get what you deserve. stop trying to live off the government ..rt juliahager420 nervous for tonight..i hope romney win if not well uh we are screwed..say goodbye to great health care and g ..rt globalpost . motherjones is mapping voter suppression and poll problem election2012rt betty_nguyen today is the day have you voted yet election2012no matter who win today the real loser are the ppl that don t vote. freedom america obama2012 barackobama i m british but wish i wa voting today voteobama good luck rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt huffpostpol right-wing group barred from ohio polling station election2012they are using paper ballot rt nhhorton voting machine are dropping like fly in white county. arpx wcpx arelex tcot fbrt brianhoffman1 i voted in election2012 in florida. the optimist in me say my vote matter the pessimist in me say will they k ..vote today obama on multiple occasion i ve claimed nothing significant happens between vegas amp philly. prove me wrong tampa elect mittromney barackobama wish you luck you won t need that want you to win america fuck yea freedom is the only way rockthevote donttipthevoteover election2012 electionday govote vote . i love election day  election2012-candidates still campaigning..hoping to make the victory speech in only a few hour now. everything hinge on the swingstatesrt jeremybird just like barackobama this morning you can inspire someone to vote by making some call ..screw these voting lines.. just give romney the win already cold romney too many people mittromney remove me from this list gobama  val_zelyaeva barackobama at this point of history it s important to have a good man like him for america the world and man kind rt stevenertelt national right to life pro-lifers must vote for mitt romney romneyryan2012there can only be one.. barackobama i know that my boy j is going with romney but whatcha gonna do rt nine3nine_ciity my family voted obama for mankind don t forget to vote today or else.. vote election2012 ivoted be sure to vote today and if you know any senior who need assistance please help them get to the polls. election2012rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..rt naypoppington voteobama and obama2012 are trending throughout the us romney s nowhere on the tt board. i have hope lol.rt ant_quinones danacortez mom got upset with me cause i m obama2012 oh well rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt clem_sux romney obama spurrier election2012 practicing my right a an american. i hope this isn t illegal vote obama nfy rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..voted obamastronger middle class.. we all can t be born with a silver spoon obamart djhamm1 met terri_bonoff off amp john benson at the bus stop dfl vote mn politics election2012hope all of our american client amp partner are exercising their right to vote today. racetothewhitehouse election2012 campaign2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012awesome rt calchannel tweet u a picture of you voting in the election2012. include cavoter in the tweet so we can rt voteto america obama support shabanie mine fc..romney doesn t support football.never trust a man who doesn t support football election2012rt fwforamerica bill nelson voted for obamacare tarp and the stimulus. rt to tell your friend bill nelson is bad for florida flse ..rt getoffmyshoes ahaha rt punishme_ romney v obama. the baby know. rt latinoticias rt stephanierbravo getting my voice heard today ivoted yovote votolatino wsjvote fnl2012 election2012 ..go obama go all the way back to the whitehouse. uk love yart wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolrt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt bradwollack hey barackobama don t forget to vote. it s too close to have you sit this one out.ignorance rt imjus_kia take deep breath obama2012 rt brittd1178 everybody get out and vote so we can get this nigger out of office rt tigerfists88 heey utah..go to or tweet . ofa_ut amp get your vote info groundgame - obama2012 gotv ..rt yahoonews see live election day result in the yahoonews election2012 control room rt livel0velexy praying that obama win obama2012 rt huffingtonpost the most racist moment of election2012  mittromney paulryanvp just got back home from voting for the next potus go mitt.rt revrobrodriguez i got 99 problems but mittromney ain t one. - jay-z campaigning for barackobama urbanpoetryrt txrepublican unreal giant obama mural painted on wall inside philly polling place voteromney teaparty tcotan englishman s perspective under bush usa wa a joke. obama regained credibility. romney would be worst joke ever.let s not got back in time with romney. lets make a change with obama obama2012 i m watching united states presidential election 2012 2013 others checked-in getglue election2012ladies and gentlemen it is our american duty to go to poll and cast a vote. one vote can truly make a difference. forward2012 obamahappy and hopeful future voter at the poll precinct 3 arlingtonma election2012 voting at fox library  kevin_powell jayz_news barackobama brooklyn pole ctrs need more wkrs wkrs are lmtd fighting amongst wk r due to understaffing issue rt united_ignited what did the demathugs brownshirts do during the time the gop inspectors were ejected in philly destroy ballot c .. mittromney i won t say whom of the running i voted for but it sure wasn t romney. damn robocalling politician from h ll. no vote for you.i would most appreciate it if someone could go out and vote obama2012 for me because i need some money to go to college lol mittromney i won t say whom of the running i voted for but it sure wasn t romney. damn robocalling politician from h ll. no vote for you.rt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. mo idid that obama2012 amp amp got a little extra credit too even tho i already voted..those ppl thought i wa tr rt npr one of many cool thing happening at npr tonight thanks to citizen journalist hand-drawn election2012 coverage ..rt ap election watch president obama congratulates mitt romney on a spirited campaign election2012 -ras mittromney i won t say whom of the running i voted for but it sure wasn t romney. damn robocalling politician from h ll. no vote for you.rt helpareporter presidential campaign issues real life vs. social media via readwriteweb election2012rt zo407 please do not take pictures of your ballot and post it on any social media website. your vote will not count election2012rt mz_kema my president is black obam .. hamiltonanthony reagangomez i voted for the guy with the coolest walk. election2012 obama2012 rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..take u five min obama everyone ha their own belief and have the right to vote for who they want. let them be and worry about yourselves. election2012rt if you voted for revenge rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolrt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 .. mittromney get hit by a truck  mittromney i won t say whom of the running i voted for but it sure wasn t romney. damn robocalling politician from h ll. no vote for you. romneyryan2012 .. enough said wow can hardly wait for the result of election2012 it s like a thermometer on the country. america pull through nobamart ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt kirkdiedrich i voted. election2012 dtla skidrow midnight mission  barackobama many italian people want to get the winner obama .. barackobama ha earned the right to be the one the people thank when the united states get back on it feet. - m_ignatieffrt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt americanband911 any obamatard that try s to riot will be shot survivor will get the double tap . tcot ryan romney ryan p2 p21 joeymcintyre since we have obama in common how about a follow voteobama followme husband told me it took an hour to vote today. colleague said the same. must dash soon to cast my ballot election2012election day vote obama2012rt motionnpicture ya gotta love liberal positivity. tcot electionday rt cloewearsjeans attention people spread the word obama2012 . barackobama is spamming my facebook notifications. election2012rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012i don t know why my sister s voting for romney. he already hate her. she s a woman amp a single parent. obama2012rt janemarielynch planned parenthood- we re gonna get rid of that mitt romney. vote barackobama today. you don t own me psa - ht ..rt frankieboyle an exciting day for anyone interested in which of two very slightly different accent we hear war declared on iran el ..rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012 obama2012 i voted did you .. obama2012look what i found can t believe it s 4 year since i wa in america obama an idiom to teach your student today election2012rt allenforrest i voted barackobama katyperry in my election day swag oprah gayleking rt im__ace __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama this counts a ..rt huffingtonpost 11 apps to waste your time while you wait in line to vote election2012 rt dchriston rt realbigghomie you can vote up unitl 8 00 hit dem polls up obama2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt manutdredcafe manchester united endorses barack obama because michelle obama is a red. vote obama obama2012 rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..rt makeitplain rt politicore why 40 of americans won t vote for president - yahoo news via yahoonews electi ..how i wa feeling after i voted accomplished ivoted wethepeople firsttime american voter obama2012 rt l1ldebbie ppl still need reason to voteobama ok..womens right to choose gay equality immigration amp health reform nuff sai ..rt __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama  senbillnelson voted for obamacare tarp stimulus.rt to tell your friend bill nelson bad for florida flsen flpol tcot vote4 conniemackif you ve got time for lunch you ve got time to make 5 call for barackobama using our call tool. don t wait rt newyorker . tnyjohncassidy on the romney optimist amp their explanation for the poll that predict obama s victory ..everyone have to vote barackobama. he is the special one  barackobama you won the lhs mock election forwardrt ahhshidd i didnt vote for obama because he s black. i vote for him b c i want to continue to attend college obama2012 2termsrt yeshivareporter just vote for our next president mittromney amp vice president paulryanvp romneyryan2012obama got so many supporter i m sure he will win - obama2012 teamobamart itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..vote romney because homosexual communist child murderer chinese want obama tcot gop gomittrt chloelovesyou without obamacare my dad s surgery for his prostate cancer would ve bankrupted us. thank you barackobama for helpin ..rt somethingmajor_ i voted for obama. not because he is black but because he care about me. it s my opinion you have your own. oba .. michelleobama barackobama just sayin we can all be hero just for 1 day vote  jayrosen_nyu media muzzle investigation into romney republican attack on americans plz see bottom election2012rt iobey_histongue my president is black ..rt jamilsmith anti-abortion activist are trying to swing ohio for mittromney. good luck with that. irincarmon voted obama alwayslovingjlo barackobama asked all my peep out there to support him n vote fr him i feel he really deserves it  we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama way is the right way retire dis tweetamerican women im not going to tell u who to vote for but if romney win this may be the last time you re legally allowed to election2012rt tinatirico happy election day happy to see so many young people out there voting electionday romneyryan2012 mittromney rt devonesawa go vote it s the right thing to do. obama election2012 people queueing up across the country to cast their vote jacanewsregardless of who it is - make sure you vote today - make sure your voice is heard election2012 barackobama we re coming to the end of a long campaign all that s left to do is get out the vote. let s win this. -bo start packin rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolhere are 5 thing you can do right now to help ensure barackobama ha 4 more years. voteobamaglad i mailed in my ballot since power wa out in mill valley this morning no doubt part of a right-wing conspiracy. election2012 votecajust voted for the first time nobama12 romneyryan2012 obama2012 voting at episcopal house  datechguyblog morning_joe yet they let the newblackpanthers stay amp intimidate all whitevoters no wonder romney is going2 win tcotwatch it be obama supporter who fuck up his chance at a second term.rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..rt jamie_craig1 we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt peytonjames wow. creepy professor grover furr praises stalin claims he never committed one crime tcot le ..my daughter heaven is a proud first time voter today..making her voice ring in the state of arizona.. nau grad student obama2012okay this is my last one lol vote obama reelect 2012 rt verifiedwhitney obama 49 romney 49 it s a tie. voteobama obama2012 dc not sure wheretovote check out here go out and vote for freedom tcot romeny latino woman jobrt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 mt att govote find polling place wait time candidate info and more with voterhub attemp election2012 barackobama i m english but i would vote obama if i could trueblueamerica don t be fuckwits. obama2012rt bluegrasspundit on eve of election obama tweet follower and reminds them he got bin laden tcot gop election2012 people queueing up across the country to cast their vote jacanewsrt zztro if mittromney wins i call the side of the cotton field with the most shade  romneyryan2012 and no to judge david wiggins sheldonadelson will attend romney s victory party tonight. awkward. as in what exactly did you do with all my money just voted obama iran 1st-hand currency strengthens but trade in foreign exchange highly restricted p2 tcot iranelectionrt 1supremegoddess prayers rt suzibasterd let s hope this election is decided upon by the voter not the lawyers. amen. twister ..rt conservative_vw ronald reagan inherited a worse economy and turned it around in 4 years romneyryan2012 voteromney tcot http ..taking part in changing america. voting praying romneyryan2012vote for 4 more year obamart collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt zztro if mittromney win lilboosie never getting out -__-rt tinaa234 i might cry if obama get re-elected romneyryan2012 govotert callmemari__ .. rt ghost_noswag romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama rt mittromney virginia is a crucial state in this election amp your vote could make the difference. please get out and vote today. ..rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012bruh we not cool no more rt ralphlo_ obama2012 wishing barackobama victory yes we can absolutely love the fact that we get to see history being made today election2012i think obama should run for senate in 2018rt naypoppington voteobama and obama2012 are trending throughout the us romney s nowhere on the tt board. i have hope lol.rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt bankrollmarkus romney v obama. the baby know.  thedemocrats focus in the electoral college and the u.s. also democrats have spent 852.9m and republicans 752.3m million starve every day but that s irrelevant election2012rt aggielove17 happy election day mitt all of texas is praying for you today anything is possible romneyryan2012 votert tampabaytraffic because we could all use a break from election2012 coverage here s a hedgehog in a sombrero. you re welcome. http ..rt chris_skier i can only say it s in gods hand lnyhbt aipac romneyryan2012 iran 1st-hand currency strengthens but trade in foreign exchange highly restricted p2 tcot iranelection vote let your voice be heard election2012 you can t bitch if you don t vote shawn temple baptist church remember it is your right a an american to vote without any prior preparation or knowledge of anything at all. election2012hi mittromney don t forget to voteobama today obama bilks tax-payers again for another re-election campaign bus tour romneyryan2012my prediction obama 286 romney 252 obama2012 winningrt callmemari__ . rt ghost_noswag romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known nigga posting romney like why are you voting for him what is he really gonna do for you ill wait rt debwilliams57 rt a4chnit1 vote out claire mccaskill and debbie wasserman schultz tcotdo the country a favor today.. vote republican romneyryan2012rt cloewearsjeans attention people spread the word obama2012 rt do_meright please do not take pictures of your vote ballot your vote will be void not counted obama down 600 becuz of this. r ..just voted romney ryan now to see if my vote along with the rest of the repubs. out there cant get romney into the whitehouse rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012rt emileutteriyn i urge you to go vote barackobama 2012 for breaking election2012 coverage of the best blue amp red medium feed blue red  chrisaltice typical barackobama supporter. all you do is insult and offer no facts.i bet nobody won t twitpic they ballot for romneyrt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. mothank you songza for obama s fav song electionday playlist. there is also one for romney but i somehow we already got white not wanting obama in the chair you got black people hating on him too how he didnt complete shit smh progress tk timesayy all my collegestudents if romney wind u kan kiss them refund goodbye rt chuckson_myfeet romney v obama. the baby know. lml  lauradd is it wrong2think that mitt romney is the type of man that make his whole family watch and applaud when he ha a wank romneyokay will do rt mittromney make sure you post a picture of your ballot. i want to see that you re on my side. a brighter futurert jengrunwald didn t get an i voted sticker here i made this for you election2012 captainamerica rt mittromney virginia is a crucial state in this election amp your vote could make the difference. please get out and vote today..i voted mittromney now if you want a better america you should too election2012 electionday romneyryan2012i don t think mittromney ha done enough dancing in national television to get my vote.rt sktv_ chill dont tweet obama2012 cuz the fbi gon kill you and your vote wont count - a dumb n ggart thedailyown please vote every vote count amp barackobama need yours. let s keep moving forward..we can t afford to go back. ..ppl that voted for him in 08 are voting against him this year democratic state are voting for romney mittromney if u become president amp dont let gays get married and let states get away with hanging black people im pretty sure itll backfirelast plea to all americans - please keep president obama in the white house. your decision ha consequence for u all obama2012 velindaburrick i just did the right thing voted romneyryan2012rt sgaut i think we learned lot about romney character this race. biggest thing is he ha none amp is pathological liar p2 dems .. barackobama you got my vote mr. president rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 .. romneyryan2012 anndromney mittromney ann i wish successforladyyouandking mitt sir the last n-up in wi ps.success rt conservative_vw report it fbi voter intimidation hotline 202-514-188 1-800-253-3931 via jumpvote romneyryan2012 voter .. barackobama mittromney look how the internet is voting. billmaher poll by ip addressi can t believe it s election day. it doesn t feel real. i thought this day would never come. leah_a4 getting all kind of rowdy obama teejayfoy leak words are power intro 504unit feat. barackobama via youtube wordsarepower coming rtrt beeastronaut im against abortion but i like when people with foodstamps cook me dinner. romney2012 romney republican .. drudge_report 2muchdebt nyc voter had a tough week it wa a preview of a 2nd obama term. union control no gas food power or underwearrt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..have you voted yet listen to barackobama interview with steve harvey show here rt mittromney with virginia s help we are going to bring america back. please get out and vote romneyryan2012rt shebang_cbain my president is black ..rt savage_syd mittromney va is a crucial state in this election your vote could make the difference. please get out and vote today. ..open thread how wa your voting experience election2012 tcotboutta show obama some love real quick..rt _bobby_boucher_ obama romney bobby boucher election2012rt huffpostimpact why the veteran vote matter so much election2012 rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..today wa my first experience voting for someone i truly believed in and it wa an amazing feeling romneyryan2012  conservative_vw barackobama you know it - he loses it - you ll get it - he is fired rt megan_anna11 this will be a close election fml romneyryan2012wait this is perfect lissydee55 hahaha romneyryan2012 enlisted my photo editor pal to take my election day notd photo. obama2012 rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..a definite blue barackobama vivemag happy election day america blue or red rt attractiverell v ote o bama t his e lection vote vote vote obama barackobama good luck to both party i just voted for the democratic party which i am confident will turn out favorably ..via hotairblog open thread how wa your voting experience twister teapartyhey mittromney don t forget to voteobama to my family and friend in the usa. vote today or don t talk to me until 2016. election2012fired up amp ready to go barackobama vote obama alright my fellow americans - let s do this election2012 voting at may memorial unitarian  election2012 video show us vote are not all being applied properly. rigged rt usahipster never forget. barackobama banned american flag from his press conferences. vote romneyryan2012 open thread how wa your voting experience tcot tlotrt twiloguy73 gaywars yes gay and i voted for romneyryan2012 my boyfriend s gay too and he voted for mitt. goproudrt suburbanfamiiy retweet for romney2012. favorite for obama2012. let s see who win rt everydayhealth happy election day educate yourself on both barackobama and mittromney s plan for health care ..got to my polling site a few minute before it opened this morning. was great to see a long line already waiting to vote. obama2012rt 1supremegoddess prayers rt suzibasterd let s hope this election is decided upon by the voter not the lawyers. amen. twister ..rt shylamoss adamsandiler i m predicting obama will take an early lead tomorrow.. until all the republicans get off work. romneyr ..you just had to bring it up huffingtonpost the most racist moment of election2012 rt michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. .. np my president by young jeezy. my president is black my lambo is blue..ill be god damned if my rim aint too obamaopen thread how wa your voting experience enjoy it while it lasts. i m currently in southern.. tcot tlot p2i miss the good old day when the right etiquette wa to not discus who you were voting for .. election2012do not drink and vote.. i accidentally voted for john edwards. obama2012a pizza restaurant attracts early morning voter a it double a a polling station for election2012 both obama amp romney re evil obama2012rt djreckless11 my president is black ..rt jcoxx_hoop if i said team romney every body on my tl would be ready to fight rt unclerush yes rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree.. amp we vote obama2012rt l1ldebbie ppl still need reason to voteobama ok..womens right to choose gay equality immigration amp health reform nuff sai ..rt wandaf38 my timeline is off the chain right now newedition obama2012rt defendpaulryan rt if you voted romneyryan2012 today loveofcountry tcotrt mtvnews beyhive what do you think about beyonce s stirring letter to barackobama rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt cren15 don t forget to vote everyone it only took me 15 minute so go do your part romneyryan2012rt uloveem_idougem done w all the election talk. i just hope obama win. but if we lose.. i call da spot n the cotton f ..one of the few time this wolverine is rooting for ohio goblue obama romneypickshisnose buck umichrt ethandavid4 ..just voted hoodievote vote election2012 yourvote rt mtvnews beyhive what do you think about beyonce s stirring letter to barackobama some fuckwit said he had a plan for the economy deregulation .. do you know what what caused the recession deregulation election2012 barackobama i love you. follow me. ill vote for you why don t people line up for hour to vote here in canada i bet if we got sticker afterwards they would. election2012open thread how wa your voting experience enjoy it while it lasts. i m currently in southern californi.. tcotrt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..voting time obamart itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt alidayan how could election2012 affect us policy on humanrights hrw s kenroth on difference between obama amp romney htt .. .. u should kno my team foreal tho obama2012 rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012i voted and so did my daughter for the first time..it wa a no brainer voteobama teamobama obama2012 because he cares and i trust himrt lukemitchell__ if i were american i d vote obama. presidentialelectionrt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012may god s will be done in this election. no matter what the result are jesus is king romneyryan2012 nobama republican nervous vote barackobama if this canadian woman could vote for obama she would. he is real and can relate to most folks. love that smile rt gop reuters romney cast vote feel great about ohio gopmomentum tcotyou sitting on the couch watching tv and your life is passing you by maybe i ll go vote later maybe next year no do it right now obamart verifiedwhitney obama 49 romney 49 it s a tie. voteobama obama2012obama rewrite divisive revenge call tcot p2we ain t got no worries obama2012even mass ha barackobama critic like this guy calling him a warmonger rt campaignsosa300 my president is black ..after 5 hour of standing in line i finally voted for the first time obama2012 rt candacecbure i m so excited to vote tomorrow lets get america back on track mittromneyelection day i already voted obama vote romneyryan2012 obama ha been lying about libya and benghazi. americans died and he delayed investigation til after the election coveruprt ericbalfour use your voice use your vote and re-elect barackobama for president today if you do i ll come to your house and wa .. hethcoatjulia praying my heart out today. god s will be done. romneyryan2012 govote getourcountryback u dum a fuck vote obamaobama s state department spent 70 00 on copies of dreams from my father romneyryan2012rt france24 rt mathieuf24 the calm before the storm in the france24 us election 2012 studio uselections obama romney usa2012 ht ..rt fran_tarkenton voting is the foundational act that breathes life into the principle of the consent of the governed. -deforest soar ..search -- gt romneyryan2012 lolrt romneyresponse . robportman video we will win ohio romneyryan2012 tcotrt nolabelsorg in the final hour of the campaign obama and romney both promote working across the aisle to find solution ..i voted ..how about you go vote obama2012 adamsville recreation center i can t wait for this election to be over so we can finally see who will be campaigning for the 2016 presidency election2012rt hawkeyeguy85 she s gon vote for obama and she like to dance madonna. scissorsisters obama2012rt _bobby_boucher_ obama romney bobby boucher election2012i have on my republican red amp my elephant necklace today romneyryan2012 up amp getting ready to go vote obama2012 obama2012 obama2012 leggoobeen standing in line to vote for 2 hr amp counting excited to cast my ballot in my first presidential election at the polls. election2012romney leading in bellwether ohio county new hampshire towns obama won in 08 tcot tlot sgp ocratelevision take stance on politics during election season. election2012rt danny2breezy vote barackobama for president. he s good with kid thatisall how can you not vote for this dude obama 4more rt ofa_ca nov. 6th is finally here and we need your help to make sure barackobama get 4 more years. voteobamanigga worried bout dumb shit im concerned bout this election obamaopen thread how wa your voting experience tcot teaparty tppurgent obama adviser valerie jarrett announces open season on white people during obama s second term tcot romney will abolish minimum wage and fema planned parenthoodrt debramessing who are you voting for kayleighemilyxx obama a a woman who care about equal right equal pay health there ..happy election day may the odds be ever in your favor.. unless you re voting for obama romneyryan2012rt grandrew24 belmont ma is romney s home but this is obama country victorycorps rt getsgreased exit poll to be used by msm once east coast poll close to discourage romney voters. msm ha lied to america. don t be ..rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012go vote people romneyryan2012 rt gerfingerpoken breaking news mittromney announces that a president he will appoint barack husein a special envoy to our consula .. reince will remind folk of the problem. wave bye bye to him a you vote romneyryan2012rt peterulsteen every election is a sort of advance auction in stolen goods. - h.l. mencken election2012 votethis is mittromney s voting sticker from election2012 in belmont ma stayinline i am so happy so full of joy and pride to stand in line with so many other americans to vote very moving. voting for obama fb4 more year obama2012i m d ante loving and i approved this vote obama2012 teamobama voteordie voteorfail our future is in our hands been sick since yesterday 4am..literally gonna need a nap after standing in this voting line romneyryan2012 the only choice rt irealestnigga_ obama is winning the electoral vote right now 237-206 take 270 to win y all keep voting obama2012mitt romney voted for himself lmfaoo i find that funny election2012 voteobamapolls are now open in hawaii obama2012rt usahipster dear clint eastwood - pls make benghazi movie amp tell americans the truth abt obama ordering military 2 stand down .. - happy election day election2012 hackedpolls fuckoffrepublicansrt kalidtooraww my president is black my twitter is blue. i m voting for obama the f ck romney gonna do obama2012 willie_rage barackobama barack_election the house and senate is republican another reason not to vote obama blockedmake your voice heard nsbe amp nsbeae family make sure you vote let u know when you ve voted election2012 lnigh1139 barackobama ahh.. a christian i suppose you ve always been brought up to believe in thing that aren t real. voteobamart haley__brooke yess all those fucking commercial will stop running tonight so sick of them election2012rt cloewearsjeans attention people spread the word obama2012 rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012i m so proud of my peer going out to vote and making a difference i just pray our president is here for another term obama  toyianwilliams if it were up to obama everyone would make 40k go ahead and ruin what made our country great by making it fair.rt fergie i have made my choice. my hope is 4 president barackobama 2 get reelected amp get more time 2 turn this country around. .. barackobama i m getting my hair done today you better win teamobama lilduval . mittromney i m in the poll booth right now u stop my child support ill vote for u. what up lls tylerhunter23 you rock americanpride romneyryan2012we stand in line 4 everything else let stand for barackobama to be honest iwouldvotefor barackobama go go go america go make the right choice. for yourself and the beautiful world we live in  epolitics barackobama figure you would quote jay-zrt melknepp i gave barackobama my vote today because i believe in him and support his direction forwardrt coccopuff3 hoping all the gop votersuppression tactic totally backfire on them and ton of dems vote obama2012 joebiden 2 lady would love for you to stop by on your way to the vic celebration 2nite. we work just off the kennedy. we lt 3 joe get up stand up.. stand up for your rights.. and go vote obama2012 don t be threatened by the thought of riots.. these thugs riot when they win too.. vote romneyryan2012 barackobama voted for you i hope you will follow me and my cousin yoitsart08obama is the anti-christ romneyryan2012crossing my finger for barackobama  ivoted bill gates admits vaccines used for human depopulation tcot obamacare ha rfid chip mandatory by 3 2013rt teammtaurus_ __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama rt destinydeonn yall ugly mf s taking pictures of ballots dont do that cause obama loosing lil dummies yall illterate asses i voted for barackobama 4moreyearsabout to go vote by myself going to be bored but fuck it .. obama2012 .. barackobama i ran because your voice had been shut out of our democracy for way too long. president obama i want one rt agentm thank jengrunwald for making this i voted sticker featuring captainamerica election2012rt quincy_sk8s hopefully you lose today mittromneyrt _bobby_boucher_ obama romney bobby boucher election2012congrats to both men for consideration of presidential title. not a lot of people who could reach that level.. positivity election2012 i voted you should too civicduty election2012tell friend you re voting in the 2012 election and find out where to vote. please cast your vote for president obama. rt _lele21_ me and mz_preci0us_j and raychell gone have to take one class each semester and live n our cars if romney becomes pr ..rt katemck21 it s time for america s comeback team mittromney paulryanvp rt realdonaldtrump me voting-- it really is my hair u amp your hair better vote obama  barackobama hey guess what we have the same birthday and we re both left handed we must be twinexercise your right america vote election2012rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012cant wait for all these obama supporter to move to asia or australia tonight so they can quit ranting on my twitter lol romneyryan2012i m watching united states presidential election 2012 2014 others checked-in getglue election2012rt americanthinker video mitt romney we will bring real change to america on day one teaparty tcotrt rossklawitter pretty cool feeling voting for someone from my hometown romneyryan2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012protecting the los angeles county pornographic film industry from condoms. also mittromney. voting at residence rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012 buddy_cole love this obama2012magic number 270. every vote counts. go out and rock it. election2012 forward collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012 delmss mittromney election2012 romney -- funny mitt romney binders full of women picture memes what s the clearest website covering the uselection obama romney usa followerpower mittromney election2012 romney -- funny mitt romney binders full of women picture memes getting silly with nickyg233 ashwilson_ and partyboyjon tonight so i don t have to endure the tension election2012 voteobamart scienceofsin super obamaniacs vote in virginia. let s get er done vaforobama vote barackobama katyperry rt quinnovator rt bronxzooscobra don t take your freedom for granted. don t be an asp. vote today. election2012 lt i ve voted ha ..i don t usually vote.. but if romney win were fucked obamart omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..rt saihamshameem bin laden is dead gm is alive obama votert robdelaney i wa considering voting for mittromney but then i remembered i entered the world through a vagina.turn on election covg 4yo turn to tv ohh man here we go heh. romneyryan2012 biggangvh1 get out there and vote election2012 rt katewalsh women this election matters access to health care funding for planned parenthood. that s why i am voting for barackoba ..rt racheleigh8149 we are going to take back america and make sure we remain the hope of the earth romneyhope everyone is having a great election tuesday election2012rt ap republicans remain in position to continue controlling the house for the next two year election2012 -rasf-35 program continues to make marked progress f35 jsf usaf usn usmc military milblog tcot dod rt emileutteriyn i urge you to go vote barackobama 2012 voting by mail rocks technically i didn t mail but i hand delivered. no line for moi. election2012 lol o is for obama all i see on my tl is me talking about my boob and others talking about obama2012 i think mine is better. barackobama please rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..cashed in for obama . obama2012happy election day my fellow americans obamamost of u is middle class or broke so let vote for someone whose gonna help that obama2012fingers crossed for barackobama tonight lt 3 obama2012 voteobamaeven if you have an elevator for your car you can t outsource to your chauffeur to vote on your behalf. obama2012 barackobama vote2012rt democracynow awesome. rt briannasue i will be watching democracynow tonight for my election2012 coverage i suggest you do too.rt mercedescyone11 vote contains the word toe so walk those little piggy to the poll my friends. romneyryan2012 barackobama got my 1 this morning. and thank you to stephdugas for the surprise wake up call.rt jengrunwald didn t get an i voted sticker here i made this for you election2012 captainamerica rt kweiss51 voted romneyryan2012 why voters should fear romney s tax plan p2 tcot teaparty mittromney voteobama via bloombergviewrt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt usahipster never forget. obama played over 100 rounds of golf while 25m americans are unemployed. vote romneyryan2012 mittromney election2012 romney -- funny mitt romney binders full of women picture memes  montana not sure wheretovote check out here go out and vote for freedom tcot romeny latino woman job mittromney election2012 romney -- funny mitt romney binders full of women picture memes rt mryg5 realgranthill33 yes but for mittromney. cantafford4moresome view from our pa team about potential impact and outcome of election2012 rt brian_bee who did you vote for barackobama mittromney election2012 romney -- funny mitt romney binders full of women picture memes rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012photo liberalsarecool obama2012 whether you voteobama amp believe in obama 2012 or romney be sure to vote. civic engagement is our opportunity to shape our nation. vote.rt realdonaldtrump before you vote think obama want to raise tax mittromney want to lower taxes--need i say more rt igorzmum connecting the dots of the obama story chicago backdrop tcot teaparty very inter g marathonpunditrt reynoldsofa check out barackobama working the phone for gotv effort. join in the latest from iran 6 november the battle begins over ahmadinejad in parliament p2 tcot iranelectioni ll be praying for you to stay in office teamobma barackobamart smirk451 ok look obama isnt the best he but he tryin to help young kid better there future not only black but white to.. rom .. 1st time vote gt i love obama 99-year-old woman vote for first time breaking news for black america tcot tlotare more young americans out of their house voting in the presidential election or at home playing halo 4 election2012rt scottoncapecod ahuddleston357 gotta love the new york post.. lnyhbt romneyryan goprt ty_xclusive obama can amp will make a difference.voting is in full swing all across america now. obama2012election day prediction .. romneyryan2012 rt agentm thank jengrunwald for making this i voted sticker featuring captainamerica election201263 people who won t be making a difference on tuesday via buzzfeedben election2012rt aye_bigwazzam y all sleep obama not gonna win lousiana.. realfactwh adviser explains vision for public-private partnerships involving foreign nations tcot ocra teapartymake the right decision america it ha to be barackobama go vote romneyryan2012you just a ugly a him bitch rt goshawty123 omfg i love you mitt please follow me my king mittromney appletej luwisking appletej who s leading us election hehe obama ftw who do you think will win  mittromney nigga u a bitch  barackobama i should think all that is is you re just a local mp. sussedyououtthe fact mitt romney belief there s such thing a legitimate rape is ridiculous. if i wa american and 18 i d voteobama election2012 laydihd peddy7 you got it deb the orcs are many but for patriotic hobits now come the scouring of the shire election2012hoep i dont have to see a black panther person at my polling place i might think about doing a violence at them tcotcast my vote 2day for barackobama. everyone get out n vote if u want a president u can believe n.. obama2012rt billidollabero obama for president bitchhtime to vote romneyryan2012 mittromney s wife lowkey voted for obama i bettoday election in usa go obama i m ready areyou vote obama biden democrat 2terms president strongblackman rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt itsgabrielleu rt barackobama fact america s dependence on foreign oil ha reached a 20-year low down 25 since president obama ..rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rock the vote obama2012 i just voted for love of my country romneyryan2012 teamromney godblessamerica jerseystrongbreaking avraham fried say that he voted for mittromney. there wa no question about it  barackobama but you make 400k-ish a year and this is part of your jobi got to vote with my grandma today that wa pretty special to me obama2012just voted with the kiddos heritagefan romneyryan2012 rt ap election watch pregnant chicago woman doesn t let being in labor stop her from voting election2012 -rasrt itstycun __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama let s make ..rt ericafraga97 vote today vote like your reproductive right are on the line wait.. election2012 lt 3 pleased to see obama is the number 1 trended topic glad to see that rt brookeauten i have no idea why i even care who win but i m really nervous it s gonna be obama again.. romneyryan2012 nobama ..rt oedonline fancy an electoral treat we record election cake election bun and election ale in the oed election2012manee wtf nigga dumb and need to chill obama mittromney thank you for voting at the poll on election day like a normal person you will have my vote later today voted for mittromney paulryanvp senbobcasey amp kathleengkane vote election2012rt pari_passu one damn good reason women should vote democrat the end. p2 p21 tcotvoting tip rt imogenryan93 once you go black you never go back obama2012 realdonaldtrump it s good exercise. gotta have a healthy president. obama2012 coldint if i think obama and romney are very different rt ap seeing voting problem at your polling place send detail photo and video to ap election2012 -ecrt beyoncepromo rt mtvnews beyhive what do you think about beyonce s stirring letter to barackobama i could be a douchebag and write obamabiden2012 on everyone who opposes them. so what make it okay for you to write romneyryan2012 stoprt senny_b i just voiced my opinion now i can sleep forward2012 obama2012 votei voted for obama in the mock election. teamobama election2012rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012rt uloveem_idougem done w all the election talk. i just hope obama win. but if we lose.. i call da spot n the cotton f ..fuck it obama2012 wining party at cafedeville whts up y all down r wht rt republicangop today is the day for you to standwithmitt america please vote for mittromney amp paulryanvp because americade ..rt cameronhere the fact that i won t get a i voted today sticker make me sad problemsofatakeawayballet obama2012rt lauriebailey be sure to put on an extra pot of coffee when you get home tonight. this is going to be awesome romneyryan2012race is significant in north carolina washingtonpost election2012 noneoftheabovert hcfpac rt if you proudly voted for a conservative today romneyryan gop tcotrt __milanemaj go vote niggas barackthevote obama november6th voteobama 4moreyears vote obama08 obama12 lets go  anew92 if romney win i hope the mayans were accurate with their predictions..i can t go back in xix century.. forward obama2012a run through the parke four years amp a life changed romneyjust got my ballot paper through the post.. im going to vote for obama election2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom .. election2012 let s all pull up our american big boy pants and vote check here to see if your polling place changed rt michelleobama today is the day we re-elect barackobama it s going to be a good one rt simmiemcc take your faith with you to the voting poll today. romneyryan2012rt globalpost . motherjones is mapping voter suppression and poll problem election2012rt j_jeters42 can t expect a change in 4 year after a 8 year mess left by bush. smh obama2012i m glad i voted a few day ago earlyvoting bc those line are too long for me obama2012biden ohio visit clearly an attempt to bolster barackobama s weakened ev showing in cuyahoga co. down 7.18 from 08  trendyray_ray barackobama lol sorry i can t i am almost therert huffingtonpost the most racist moment of election2012 rt propublica if having one of longest ballot in florida history wasn t enough absentee voter had to deal with this ..rt lizroldancbs4 bringit mt jpbenson jim defede just landed an exclusive with president obama. we re turning around the video fo ..rt theofficialkaya hey mittromney don t forget to voteobama rt womenofgrace powerful - please listen and share wisconsin priest delivers powerful election homily election2012rt 21_forevher my mama took off work to vote and go get my daddy from the hospital dedicated obama 4 more year please lord reallotus88 barackobama yes girl they were trippin here in atlanta rt princesskenia_ callmesushii obama is so cute man obama2012 please follow me gop p2 tcot tiot resist44 so i m linked w mitt romney 2012 faith tweeters i ll follow a twitter allows. also for obama because i m a broke college young woman who life in ma. obama2012rt mittromney wisconsin is a crucial state in this election amp your vote could make the difference. please get out and vote today. ..just voted for 4 more year obama i wa 536 of 1300 in my precinct voting in 4 1 2 hr no line but had been earlier smh this that stuff . obama2012 four more years vote forward2012 obama2012 election2012 voteready it s the only way to join the conversation about the futureofhealth and healthcare. election2012if romney win i will be moving to canada. needle to say obama2012just voted for mitt romney election2012don t commit a felony casting your vote by taking photo of your ballot election2012 purethoughts instagramrt shotcalla the young vote will count today more than ever. get out there and vote obama2012 election2012 let s all pull up our american big boy pants and vote check here to see if your polling place changed rt brendanpaulhus vote obama i mean unless you want to suffer for the next for year man up and move forward obama2012rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012gt out there n vote obamawish i wa american. vote obama2012straight gop. election2012 algop tcot romneyryan2012today we encourage everyone to make their voice heard go out and vote election2012 barackobama cautiously optimistic rt kalidtooraww my president is black my twitter is blue. i m voting for obama the f ck romney gonna do obama2012rt barbzillaa romney. romney. romney. romney. romney. romney. romney. romney. romney. romney. romney. romney. romney. romney. romney. ..just voted and all dat.. obama2012 foward respectmyvote..lolrt if u want obama to winrt madmagick watch it be obama supporter who fuck up his chance at a second term. barackobama move aside for an american.rt adoreamourparis don t vote straight democratic obama wont get the votedid you vote go vote2012 to reelect barackobama forward2012 thank goodness it s election day because imsickof all the ad election2012rt marketwatch chart and here s the last in the series for now. the dow s amp p and nasdaq since the end of 2008 election2012 ..rt captainpajamas mitt romney losing in massachusetts a state that he governed. why vote for him when his own people don t want him .. romneyryan2012 because putting the country in the hand of a man who know money is exactly what we need.rt marfmellow1 voteobama is trending and promoted on twitter. slantedmediamuch voteromney realchange realrecovery realtalk rom ..rt allenforrest i voted barackobama katyperry in my election day swag oprah gayleking new post whether you support obama or romney here s 5 thing not to do after you vote election2012americans if ur not voting for barackobama every stereotype abt ur intelligence or lack of it rather will b confirmed thatisall electionrt ere1968 i ve been saying it for month mittromney must win by larger than the margin of cheatrt theyumper for the sake of my father health please lord let romney win tomorrow lol romneyryan2012voting and i thought of you sophiabush gayrights womensrights the only choice is obama2012 bypebbles yay feels great huh we voted early but im still happy about it it so important. obama movingforward  courttneyjo yeah i agree obamaget out there and vote vote forward obama election2012 rt jerseygirl08751 rt barackobama we re coming to the end of a long campaign all that s left to do is get out the vote. let s win this.rt iamcudii realest shit you ever tweeted rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebui ..fingers crossed for america obama2012rt itstycun __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama let s make .. ivoted election2012 obama yes america can rt damnthatsant he got the vote tho dumbass rt __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobam ..coolest polling place in austin i think so election2012 vote rt usahipster never forget obama chose muslims over americans in benghazi.vote romneyryan2012rt clem_sux romney obama spurrier election2012voted no. 708 in my polling precinct this morning what number were you vote election2012 get out and vote. you can make a difference election2012checking my state x state bets. potus firmed since poll opened by 20 38c in co 12 17c in va drifted 8 in fl .. election2012 1 2voting. done and done. election2012 rt chicodelainky republican voter must be so confused. they only see one mitt romney on the ballot. election2012 giuliani blasts obama over hurricane sandy relief oh pa nh ct ny nj va nc fl nv co wi mi mn ia or ive seen like 3 tweet that say romney. everyone else is obama.mitt romney gonna be like those baby momma on maury when he hears mitt you are not the president teamobama obama2012if barackobama win this election he should thank tireless dedicated amp passionate supporter like bmancuso7 for all his hard work obamavoted may the best man win..as long a it s romney rt callmemari__ . rt ghost_noswag romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama rt korrlynn hoping that america vote the right way obama2012 electiondayrt danny2breezy vote barackobama for president. he s good with kid thatisall rt ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -rasrt sweetangelface youth vote is in full effect mt lindseymastis the line to vote is pretty long at osu obam ..rt hostagegina the gop s spent the last 4 year arousing racism homophobia misogyny amp theocracy in america. is this who we ..if you vote for omama you re either a lazy as or your mother dropped you on your head a a child.. romney prolife lt 3just left the high school election2012rt jeannyhouse ivoted on oct. 25 barackobama tammybaldwinwi repronkind dana wachs assembly . go dems voteobamastop puttin y all damn votes online .. obama aint gone win like dat .. they takin point away for tht shyt eating chick-fil-a for lunch on election day. because foramerica and all that stuff chicken. romneyryan2012 southdakota not sure wheretovote check out here go out and vote for freedom tcot romeny latino woman jobrt akabeebles we can t let a candidate who ride on the back of bigot birthers amp billionaire steal the election vote obama2012 ..rt cafenetamerica if you see voter fraud please keep the fbi voter fraud hotline handy 800-253-3931 tcot voterfraud benghazi lnyh ..rt erica_dasher get out of bed are you voting yet vote obama2012 lets go mitts election2012 romneyryan2012remember dukenation don t forget to go vote for romneyryan2012 today rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known rt libertariantina i find it funny that romneyryan2012 is a top trend. but voteobama need to be sponsored a a trend.just voted ohio election2012 voteordie vote2012 rt l1ldebbie ppl still need reason to voteobama ok..womens right to choose gay equality immigration amp health reform nuff sai ..rt jengrunwald didn t get an i voted sticker here i made this for you election2012 captainamerica you would be a brave man to call this one anywhere before midnight. flip of coin i say. obamart socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012who are you voting for obama or romneyrt starjonesesq if u are illegally harassed about your id..ask for their id. take a pic amp tweet it. it s called contemporaneous ..my parent don t like obama. fuck is wrong with them obama2012rt jeremybird just like barackobama this morning you can inspire someone to vote by making some call ..think taking the whitehouse is easy announce your candidacy in this icivics game to see for yourself election2012interesting business giving freebie or discount for voting break frederal law fxbg fxbgvotes election201222 of all us pregnancy end in abortion.that s about 1.6 million legal execution annually endorsed by the democraticparty election2012rt davidwebbshow the white house had to see cable sent august 16 from benghazi. barackobama thedemocrats tcot rt coleman_declan i m genuinely stumped a to how romney and obama are neck and neck. has anyone actually listened to romney s polic ..just voted obama uhh yeah. what my white girl said obama. slim_jadeyy  sharethevote add this badge to your twitter profile picture and be proud that you are a voter of election2012 rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt tickedoffdem mt wcgirl1 1-866-ourvote to report voter suppression voting intimidation votolatino obama2012 demsanother obama green energy company files for bankruptcy after receiving 43 million government loan romneyryan2012that s what i like to hear obama2012 rt mittromney iowa is a crucial state in this election amp your vote could make the difference. please get out and vote today. romn .. jcrclarksonesq no..the people voting for mittromney wallet are heavier than the vw election2012where obama and romney stand on the issue via ajenglish election2012 uselectionsrt mvespa1 today i will vote to wipe away the stain of barack obama and restore honor and dignity to the white house. romneyryan201 ..you don t even have to recognize the english word vote to vote in this fine country election2012 rt miguelcbs4 cbsmiami only sfl station to interview barackobama on election day defede cbs4vote never seen so many people at pol in nh. so proud to have voted barackobama obama2012 usajust voted election2012  rnburns94 got me these for christmas freshman year of high school loveyou obama2012 collectable rt gop ohio early vote down 4.1 in blue county up 14.4 in red- gopmomentum tcotbro at the job said is there an election today or something lol election2012 govotemeet obama s best friend at goldmansachs rt clem_sux romney obama spurrier election2012rt defendpaulryan rt if you voted romneyryan2012 today loveofcountry tcotoff to the gym.. first person who asks if i ve voted because my vote count is getting a dumbbell to the skull. election2012 overitrt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012share your voting experience with u tweet u your i voted sticker and tell u who you re voting for. election2012rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolrt propublica if having one of longest ballot in florida history wasn t enough absentee voter had to deal with this .. obama fuck witt all da trappas an hood nigga so vote alright off to vote. be back later. obama2012rt justtarjmane soo you mean to tell me that obama poll are down because of people posting their ballot on twitter and instag .. vote and hoe i gotta have me more vote and hoes. stepbrother election2012mark of the beast rt journalgirl pattonoswalt literal interpretation of tweet. election2012 self deportation is a wonderful thing teapartyrt l1ldebbie ppl still need reason to voteobama ok..womens right to choose gay equality immigration amp health reform nuff sai .. iraq live suicide bomber kill 31 in attack on army base north of baghdad p2 tcot mena trippy_og going to vote today obama2012relatively painless. i voted obama2012if the president loses ohio it can be said that he wa husted. this is very disturbing. - snipit obama p2 fem2 barackobama congrats from venezuela you ll be the winner rt reynoldsofa check out barackobama working the phone for gotv effort. join in rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt tonibraxton know who your voting for.. obama  mintyclapper hi minty i ve written a blog about the us election2012 gubbins. hope you like it please read amp rt.rt gdeuceswild got my sticker today voted.. romneyryan2012denver county volunteer are out in full force today to help get mittromney and paulryanvp elected today have you voted send u picture of yourself at your polling place missiondistrict election2012just arrived home from the polling station. voted for president barackobama obama deserves another 4 year so make sure yall vote today  iraq live suicide bomber kill 31 in attack on army base north of baghdad p2 tcot menaif there wa an app to vote more people would do it election2012rt republicangop today we make a stand america- please standwithmitt because americadeservesbetter vote romneyryan2012 spencerhawes00 vote for america. vote mittromney and paulryanvpima come to ya practice n beat ya planet of da ape looking asrt joebiden make sure everyone vote today-hop on the phone and talk to voter in key state breakfast wa fuckin amazin now time to get ready so i can go vote obama2012rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da .. edwardashton30 itsgabrielleu belowtr download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012americans who don t know anything about why they are voting for romney gt gt via dan_osburn electionrt the_real_fabo beef it up for obama _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ .. levi clickrt ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -rasrt propublica if having one of longest ballot in florida history wasn t enough absentee voter had to deal with this ..rt haleygilbert_ you re voting for obama because he s cool leave the job to someone who actually know what they re doing romneyry ..at airport. overheard guy saying his predict is obama get 325 elec votes. mitt2012 dailycaller gotta love the new york post.. lnyhbt romneyryan gopi voted obamaamerica need to move forward. vote obama2012 forward freedom woman m indiana university bloomington rt bronxzooscobra don t take your freedom for granted. don t be an asp. vote today. election2012rt clem_sux romney obama spurrier election2012our student are informed and involved in the political process several school held mock election for students. election2012make sure you get out and vote today. romneyryan2012 nobamafla. ga. ky. nev. n.c. texas and w. va. all have law banning photography or videography in polling places. electionday election2012rt 80miles just crop dusted my polling station on the way to the voting booth because it is my right to do so. election2012rt elkrub mittromney ohio is a crucial state in this election amp your vote could make the difference. that s why i voted again ..dobie repinn lol obama2012 rt democracynow awesome. rt briannasue i will be watching democracynow tonight for my election2012 coverage i suggest you do too.lets be honest. even mittromney didn t vote for mittromneyremember remember to vote romney on the 6th of november. rt thewhithead heading to vote romneyryan2012 merica i m watching united states presidential election 2012 2014 others checked-in getglue election2012google 1968 democratnationalconventionriots it wasn t the little hippie kid they were just usefulidiots. it wa billayers sds gt obamart corrcomm detroit woman campaigning for obama punches voter in the face smacks cop trying to arrest her tco .. crossroadsgen youth voter have the power to flip ohio and virginia to red state so get out and vote xg tcotrt untappd happy election day after voting check-in to a beer and include i voted in the comment for a badge - ..will the us election impact the future of healthcare - orca health decide election2012 vote healthwill the us election impact the future of healthcare - orca health decide election2012 vote healthrt logiezeeb13 fuck what everyone else says. obamart tampabaytraffic because we could all use a break from election2012 coverage here s a hedgehog in a sombrero. you re welcome. http ..we live in a country that allows u the privilege of voting. please vote today election2012rt joshromney the poll are now open in the east. please rt if you are planning to vote for mittromney today. our country need him.my president is black obama2012 vote 300 1 rt erinkennedytv great live interview with barackobama on wkyc. awesome question from russwkycrt ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -ras khloekardashian election2012 and mine and lamarodom birthday woot woot what a better gift then having everyone vote rt teamromney find your polling place romneyryan2012it s election day. all you registered voter get out there and vote wevotewewin vote2012 election2012 rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012election day shenanigan ballot shredded voter ferried black panthers return teaparty tcot gop tlot govotei m glad i voted last week. have fun in those line folks. election2012rt paulaabdul first thing that came to my mind this morning wa a 4 letter word vote happy election day xoxop election2012rt sizzy fuck u realdonaldtrump tomorrows election will have historic repercussion for our country make america strong againvote ..laying in my bed chillin on this election day i hope yall voting obama2012 rt motionnpicture i went and voted like my manparts depended on it. c mon tcot let s put our guy in the oval office. imwithmitt r ..rt iilluminateyou i need all my followers to rt this dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known rt peoplearepissed just in voter fraud monitor on high alert for election day fox news tcot lkyhbt redeyert socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012sincerely obama is lovable very charming  mittromney fuck youproud mom. firsttimevoter vote518 election2012 bethlehemny no line now at st stephens or elsmere fire house rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..voters line up to cast ballot at sterling heights precinct 22 election2012 mivote i wa no. 417  obama2012 forward read your ballot presidential number change. understand the prop north hollywood ca made so many new friend waiting in line to vote election2012rt laurenlynn26 i hope to god that obama doesn t get 4 more year in.. even though i can t vote it still affect me. teamromney rom ..i m gonna pretend like my receipt is flatstanley today. election2012 35 east wacker jeweler s building want a job or others to have a job cast your vote for romney voteobama romney obamaoh omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sun. travel by horse onmon. then back wed.4 market day election2012a very sophisticated poll by msm standards.. gregwhoward of the 15 retiree 9 10 were very vocally for romney other 5 6 didn t say not that my opinion matter but hell if i could vote it d definitely be obama lt 3polls in every state in the us are now open for election2012. hawai i wa the final state to open their poll at 7am their local time.rt ofa_ut . barackobama ha created 59 200 job in utah. get his back. obama2012 just sent obama2012 this song we on listenwill the us election impact the future of healthcare - orca health decide election2012 vote healthobama is the winner and we shall claim it in the blood of jesus votingmatters obama obamacampaign voteo rt globalpost . motherjones is mapping voter suppression and poll problem election2012i should took a pic and posted on obama twitter page i voted 4 romney rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012happy election day. proud to once again vote for president barackobama. even if you re voting willard please govote. it s who we are.rt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. mo mittromney want voter to contribute 15 to finish strong that should make it 30 total then go teamobamais today friend or enemy for u election2012rt keahukahuanui go and vote today find your polling place noexcuses election2012 realfarrahgray 4 more years obama2012lets go america vote for who can save our country my boy mitt nobama romneyryan2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012last chance to volunteer for barackobama find an event near you rt vchen24 atvn ha 4 hr of live election2012 team coverage tonight 7-11 pm pst ascj live stream here ..happy election day voteobama obama2012 america menhumor hi mittromney dont forget to voteobama today rt chromeo funk the vote obamart nicward_x it s bad that i care more about election in america than here obamart emagine_ fuck u mittromneyrt zypldot obama s dad wa a womanizer bigamist and his mentor marched for communism. fl23 womenforobama obama2012 forward..sensory acumen accepted a member of consumer electronics association. made possible by startup america implemented by president obama.rt aiminoregon romneyryan2012 mitt romney and ann headed to vote. love her white knuckle grip. let s do this love of country ..rt ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -rasevery vote counts. go vote in the presidential election today and choose your president. election2012rt fergie i have made my choice. my hope is 4 president barackobama 2 get reelected amp get more time 2 turn this country around. ..voted 7 this am. obama2012  snazzyjd mrcalmndabooth iamnathangarber shit up pussy romneyryan2012 gohomenigs whoaai know these fuck ass crackers juss didnt . romneyryan2012 because whatever happened last 4 year doe not need to be repeated rt chrisloesch heard rand paul on with glennbeck earlier today. he is firm in his support of toddakin amp mittromney paintitred ..anybody else see the gas price drop like 50 cent improvement obama2012 im so boredrt davebohorquez can t wait to cast my vote for mittromney amp paulryanvp later don t play the race card it s got nothin to do wit the candidate skin color but instead who is gonna help america more. romneyryan2012..pistols amp shotguns apparently doesn t scare these gang anymore..clearly. obama2012gonna watch the election tonight america make the right choice obamafirst election i can vote im geeked lol romneyryan2012final romney rally rocks new hampshire 10k overflow crowd at 11pm via breitbartnews tcotrt globalpost . motherjones is mapping voter suppression and poll problem election2012we can vote but we are with youu barackobama michelleobamai need to go vote soon.. romneyryan2012is there a uk specific hashtag for election2012 if you re havin world problem i feel bad for you son.. i got 99 problem but mitt ain t one jayz vote for obamart iamcudii realest shit you ever tweeted rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebui ..sensory acumen accepted a member of consumer electronics association. made possible by startup america implemented by president obama.rt koltenparker this whole tweet-the-vote routine is tiring me out already. how can i fast-forward to the result election2012 s .. barackobama is destroying the american dream so go vote to prevent it election2012rt usahipster navy seals billboard in tx another threat will be removed in november bye bye obama vote romne ..rt koltenparker this whole tweet-the-vote routine is tiring me out already. how can i fast-forward to the result election2012 s ..rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..barack obama better win the election love that man obamart iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known i worked in the capitol a a legislative intern and you don t see me shoving my view down your throat. be respectful election2012rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..the senate race in massachusetts between scott brown and elizabeth warren should be a humdinger. teachban2012 election2012 comeonlizrt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt mlux65 rt realtonyrocha tony please use your twitter influence to help turn out the vote. via barackobama my cont ..just voted hope y all do the same obamai got mine in 2 day thx telus u r the best now let enjoy an iphone 5 white amp don t forget to go vote obama peace rt skaym_ someone who think pot should be illegal being gay is wrong amp doesn t care about 47 of americans is not my idea of a p ..rt kimberlywriter if you are subjected to votersuppression or witness it in action whip out your camera phone voter suppression is ..i m watching united states presidential election 2012 2014 others checked-in getglue election2012 robertpowell3 comedians should also tweet responsible even god took a day off from the j-o-b..we vote we win election2012rt danidingley if i lived in america i d voteobama unless you re rich and can benefit from romney barackobamathe outcome of this election will determine whether i step foot inside the u.s. in the next 4 year election2012i really want obama to stay obamart suburbanfamiiy retweet for romney2012. favorite for obama2012. let s see who win  mittromney election2012 romney -- the ultimate mitt romney funny picture meme. lol polls are now open in all 50 states. seven hour until poll start to close election2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt usahipster yes gt gt gt navy seals attack obama with billboards in texas romneyryan2012 barackobama we voted home stretch election2012 i m definately for obama2012 but y all won t see me slander romney.. can we be adult or nahrt opus_6 rt betseyross navy seals to confront black panthers at polling places ncpol p2 tcot msnbc cnn l ..i don t care if i have an excellent orator for president. i just want to have someone who tell me the truth. romneyryan2012 benghaziproud to say my dad woke up at 5 30 am and voted for romney today romneyryan2012amen. someone who speaks their mind. gamecocks rt clem_sux romney obama spurrier election2012 cloewearsjeans attention people spread the word obama2012 guy don t be stupid rt mrdane1982 where are people getting this nonsense from president obama losing 3 because people posting pictures..rt fashiondiva1984 i saw nothing but romney ryan sign everywhere and only 3 for the president just great i voted happily today ro .. markrmiller91 i m going lol romneyryan2012who are you voting for today mittromney or barackobama show u for a chance to win 100 self contradicting obama obamacare is a bipartisan bill but only democrat will be mad if repealed teamromneyrt michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. ..2day is the little big horn for the rwnj s tcot and we will ride proudly into battle with the vision of our sitting bull pbo p2on election2012 my latest for thedailybeast syria rebels for romney mittromney joshromney romneyroadteamif you don t vote don t complain about the outcome getoutandvote romneyryan2012breaking news mittromney announces that a president he will appoint barack husein a special envoy to our consulate in benghazi.rt dansden gop voter suppressors are going to whine scream blame amp lie all the way to jail while americans stand amp cheer g ..rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolworker at starbucks gave me this for free today election2012  obama romney offer contrasting vision on net neutrality. and just about everything else. election2012 the girl in front of me ha no booty at all election2012 heritage yes i did romneyryan2012 rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012nba player oft accused of being indifferent to politics have put their weight behind barackobama s campaign  obama forum gt obama surprise wisconsin volunteer with phone call - usa today i voted romneyryan2012 rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012fired up ready to go i m calling voter in support of barackobama. join me u.s. food stamp use explodes under the food stamp president obama romneyryan2012please do not be one of the dumbass posting a pic if your ballot cause it will be voided besmart vote election2012rt 48141_paid __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama i did early voting yallate barackobama anndromney mittromney america is ready for you to lead beyonce throw her support behind barackobama in heartfelt letter we throw ourselves on the ground weeping joy tear rt fdjordanjr 25 reason from 25 people who are voting for barackobama fun kitchendaily we love these food-inspired illustration of the presidential election2012 everyone is posting picture of their ballots. here is a picture of a balut. election2012 chilling at work today going vote later obama  nettohead just voted be sure and do the same everybody why can t i retweet romneyryan2012 cantafford4more tamuhumor obama wear crocs. vote romneyryan2012 rt maddiegrewe i wish i wa 18 .. govoteifyouare romneyryan2012 first time voting. obama2012  realdonaldtrump francescafrigo because he is physically active unlike trump lol. fight obesity. new slogan for obama2012 rpublican thanks very much richard let s elect romneyryan2012vote barackobama for president of americayea i voted.. obamart captainpajamas mitt romney losing in massachusetts a state that he governed. why vote for him when his own people don t want him ..lolita for change election2012 ivoted rt _bobby_boucher_ obama romney bobby boucher election2012 50cent leak words are power intro 504unit feat. barackobama via youtube wordsarepower coming rti just marked romney ad on facebook a offensive. obama2012 ewwromneyhere we go romneyryan2012rt delvinjordan headed home to vote _ obama2012 wegotthis democrats for romney clear eyes full hearts video tcot p2 ncpol lnyhbt msnbc cnnrt deepakchopra why i m voting for barackobama rt westjournalism giuliani blasts obama over hurricane sandy relief tcothate me all you want but obama2012rt realdonaldtrump china is worried. the poll are trending for mittromney. they won t be able to steal from u anymore. voteobama if you re proud that he enjoys the endorsement of communist leader chavez and castro romneyryan2012 tcotrt popcultureist it s the superbowl for political-junkies.. happy election day people election2012the coolest call center worker ever obama done deal voted obama obama2012 democrat rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012i m convince realdonaldtrump are a racist he never ha anything positive to say bout obamaanywho obama2012 ..or am i gonna get banned for tweeting who i m voting for just thanked canvasser at staging location in portsmouth. they re very enthusiastic. go portsmouth for obama rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..rt realmreynolds rt sarahpompei clermont county oh ave 50 ballot per hour. normally 15 per hour. did i mention that s a big gop co ..i can t vote but if you can and you haven t yet vote obama obama2012rt iamcudii realest shit you ever tweeted rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebui .. mittromney election2012 romney -- the ultimate mitt romney funny picture meme. lol let your voice be heard obama2012 americaforward rt lanes_ww retweet this if you want obama to win and i ll follow you but you must follow back unfollow 90sbabyfollowtraini hope there s a tie today. election2012 boobiemiless download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012 punishme_ romney v obama. the baby know. my vote is in obama ya bish vote obama2012 mother is voting today obama vote northdakota not sure wheretovote check out here go out and vote for freedom tcot romeny latino woman job barackobama cmon obama staff. dont you want another vote rt rachel_fitness breaking out obama tonight - waking up to vote 2morrow - stand up for equality woman fb rt savage_syd mittromney va is a crucial state in this election your vote could make the difference. please get out and vote today. ..rt clem_sux romney obama spurrier election2012that moment when someone post who they voted for and you instantly lose so much respect for them election2012 huffingtonpost final poll give obama the 11th hour lead election2012 finger crossed rt reynoldsofa check out barackobama working the phone for gotv effort. join in ill keep my money gun and freedom and you can keep the change . romneyryan2012marquette election official in the amu believe the busiest time to vote will be from 10-2 today muelection election2012just voted for obama rt hexmurda if u vote for mittromney uahoe.this is some emotional shit but it is done obama2012 obama birth certificate scandal deepens romneyryan2012rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012i ve never seen a line this long at our polling place election2012 faith pointe baptist church rt ajc123 new post election day communion amp the sacrament of voting election2012 vote pcusa elcadon t forget to read up on the proposal affecting our state election2012where to put your money if obama win rt usahipster never forget. michelle obama invites rapper to white house to sing cop killer songs vote romneyr ..rt luv4rih vote wisely vote obama rt clem_sux romney obama spurrier election2012 voting today. obama..moving forward. i stand for what i believe in and guess what it s not that cold stand on line and vote nyc obama2012 wematterrt dchriston rt realbigghomie you can vote up unitl 8 00 hit dem polls up obama2012this is the mentality of so many obama supporter romneyryan2012  sarah_divall oh yes we can natter away haha obsessed obamart robdelaney i wa considering voting for mittromney but then i remembered i entered the world through a vagina. vincemaple can you eat a luckysteakbaguette tonight for obama2012  mittromney election2012 romney -- the ultimate mitt romney funny picture meme. lol rt betseyross fraud obama mural in philadelphia polling place ncpol p2 lnyhbt msnbc cnn abc cbs tcotrt betseyross democrat thugs black panthers return to philly gop tossed out update fight ncpol p2 lnyhbt m ..let me get up and get ready to vote obama2012 barackobama a vote for romney is a vote for a u.s. holocaust. fuck that nigga well said mr. president. lindsaybullets republicans. spelling their country of citizenship wrong since 2012. romneyryan2012rt malinsworld do not be discouraged by long lines. obama2012 vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote ..rt 1_isabelle america fuck yeah obama obama and romney are forgetting that the wand chooses the wizard election2012it hots up. and i now have 150 riding on the outcome. obama2012 intradert real__smoove when i looked yesterday obama wa up 201 to 191 so it s close 0_0 vote people vote obamart hot1039sc do not post pic of your ballot online it can void your vote send pic of ur sticker or pin only election2012 election2012 we encourage you to vote wear your ivoted sticker proudly and receive free cover woodyoftampa  mittromney election2012 romney -- the ultimate mitt romney funny picture meme. lol  election day romneyryan2012 top-10 neocon to-do list obama2012 i m truly nervous for today s election. vote just do it. obama2012working mock election at school make me very unhappy everyoneisstupid obnoxiouskids election2012just voted for nobama - uh i mean i voted for romneyryan2012 imsickof obama s shit if you haven t voted then vote now nobama brunzealous love that obama2012rock the vote it s a civic duty and one that i am proud to partake obama fourmoreyears  votingfraud in fl is not the cause of voters. this is wrong. election2012rt spellsbadbarbie remember ohio and florida voter if you are in line they cannot close the polls. swingstatehell ohiovoter elect ..rt l1ldebbie ppl still need reason to voteobama ok..womens right to choose gay equality immigration amp health reform nuff sai ..rt indypolitico grow some self respect america - welfare at all-time high under obama ohio nevada pa co tlotrt franktrain25 what a great commander and chief romneyryan2012 i wa number 242 to vote at stillman obamano mittstakes get up get out and vote obama2012today is the day to let your voice be heard election2012 votert ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -rasrt lukemitchell__ if i were american i d vote obama. presidentialelectionmitt romney is leading here in georgia .. aw no. obama2012wow just heard person say he did not vote for romney becuz he could have 13 wife in the white house. funny election2012important day for our country vote people election2012obama paralyzed by fear gen. patrick brady explains why president abandoned americans in benghazi tcotit s okay to have republican friend my best friend is one respect their decision and just go vote obama2012can you out-campaign obama and become president ipad app prime candidate can prove your skill  soapboxers shaughn_a mittromney paulryanvp bless your heart rockin the bow tie to go vote merica romneyryan2012hi you there yea you. have you voted yet oh stuck at work school visit your polling site during break. tenkz. vote2012 election2012rt _daniel_tosh retweet for obama2012 favorite for romney2012 . lets see who win rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt kyeofflife i really hate your fine as . rt realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan201 ..rt 6_23_cancer obama2012 nuff said..rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..and i m looking forward to feeling the same tonight obama2012 voteclara schumann for president womaninthewhitehouse election2012 betterthanrobert thereisaiditmiss this collective bargains blog 5 tip for a successful election day 1u election2012rt bethalma so romney is out rallying amp obama is sitting at home.. just show you who want to work harder for our country. vo ..just finish voting obama2012 rt marrymeowen just voted with my mom for barackobama - you re making him lose by doing this. joopsaidwhat just bc im a real nigga obama rt starlightcrow obama mural in philly pollingplace if obama covered the cross at georgetown..we can surely cover this idol.. gue ..rt jf_radiohour remember in nc mittromney patmccrorync danforestnc and newby4court ncpol ncgoprt blackdolluvsmj ralphtresvant i m voting 4 the candidate who support education amp our child s future more funding for edu ..i m definitely gonna have to stay off social site today. stupid people make me sick. romneyryan2012 vote2012fascinating v blogsofwar election day - result reaction voter intimidation live streams romney voteromney usart treysutton7 in this present crisis government is not the answer to our problem.. government is the problem. reagan romneyryan2012rt kayostylz go vote obamait s the best feeling ever to know after 18 year i finally get to vote today obama2012obama best win i bet a lot of money on him obama2012 vote anothertermmitts the most dishonest shifty wannabe president ever rt demsforprogress mittromney internal number were fake rt westtxfratter at least we know romneyryan2012 ha the greek system at techs vote navy seal paul davis who killed obl died in battle today. we should all morn for the loss of a true american hero. rip soldier. tcotyou can find your polling location at voteobama obama2012 obama2012rt jack_albanese if one more romney campaigner call my house asking who i m voting for i m just gonna say the black guy and then ha ..vote for my husband today vote election2012 electionday rt supptate i am with barackobama. electionday2012rt jonerlichman if you click on today s election themed google doodle it help you find the closest polling place goog election2012rt doctornas i vote for four more year obama2012off to bed. americans go out and vote. rest of the world enjoy the show. i have a hunch this is a close a globalfcvskayafc. obama2012i vote obamart roslehtinencamp election day is here vote 2day make ur vote count 4 ur assigned voting place visit elect ..rt ronniejordan ppl are voting against their own interest just cause the pres. is black..if that ain t racist idont know what is.. ..rt bconsdr8 rt srichert49p shannonsteidl front page of ny post today lnyhbt tcot nevada virginiain line to vote they tried some trickery but my voice will be heard obama2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..if ur ndn or native we need obama to win cuz if romney get in we re pretty much screwed done obamart verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt defendpaulryan rt if you voted romneyryan2012 today loveofcountry tcotrt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012i d love to know mt blogherbooks did you bring a book to read while waiting to vote what are you reading election2012 seenreadingrt bankrollmarkus romney v obama. the baby know. rt julienaser1 please vote for obama obama2012 tristonisacrook lot of people like to purposefully forget that obama inherited the deficit from the republicans. nice try kid. obama2012rt djamelv_11 obama baby let get it. forwardwaiting in line at bradd election2012 rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt clem_sux romney obama spurrier election2012share our president s historic speech in iowa davidbadash floridaseniors nationalnow aarp thedemocrats cher..rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known face it if barackobama doesnt win mitt romney will become america most hated person obama obama obama obama obama obama obama obama obama obama obama obama obama obama ..come on barackobama  imsickof romney obama2012 voteobamaroseanne will split democratic party vote w obama all in romney advantage. elect a true ideal candidate. rock the ote democratic party rt sarah_hunt5 today i voted..i voted for change romneyrt momofonly3 must read funny business in philly gop official booted black panthers return amp more tcot ..rt conservative_vw hey president barackobama we built it you broke it we ll fix it youre fired tcot ..may his day be few may another take his office psalm 109 8 thepresobama electionday romneyryan2012true the vote hotline election fraud is occurring all over the country today. true the vote is fighting i.. tcotrt grahamzgotfeet __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama i offi ..according to the bible it is near the time of jesus return. ask the lord to save you before it is too late. obama riotcop yo t-shirt at 69.69 each lol obama2012 rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt averyfreese having the top tweet in the world for romneyryan2012 make me feel like i m making somewhat of an impact ..lets move forward.. obamaabout to drive to kennesaw to vote election2012 romneyryan forgottosendabsenteeballoti m about to go find out .. ievote election2012 showmethestickernow i know where i ve seen annromney before.. stepford voteobama obama2012 obamasrevenge forward2012rt ofa_nc 8 hour left to reelect barackobama and keep this country moving forward. don t wait voteobamaoverheard restaurant romney seemed okay but that guy running with him made me vote independent. - 70-ish year old woman romneyryan2012you posted up your romneyvote aye great fuckin job obama2012rt tombradysego breaking tony romo went to cast his ballot this morning and that got intercepted and return for a touchdown. electi ..rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..obama admin wanted to bailout solyndra friends just before bankruptcy romneyryan2012if mitt romney is elected for president today that is another tell tale sign that the world is ending. election2012 obama2012rt prodigypimpwalk realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan2012 vote2012 vote thats why ..you ll be in jail for treason rt truelifeimquete if mittromney win i will b distributing lot of fuckromney sticker and tee shirtrt x0taylormarie hey obama voter keep on posting picture romneyryan2012rt stevenertelt national right to life pro-lifers must vote for mitt romney romneyryan2012wonder how many follower bara bama ha got today barackobama election obama just finished voting who will be america s next top model election2012 go vote votenow vote2012today we re-elect barackobama amp finish what we started. find ur polling place amp you can also register at the poll rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt huffingtonpost mitt romney steal colbert s line election2012 rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..forreal forreal i voted for obama movingfowardtrue the vote hotline tcot teaparty tppthose voting 4 obama b c you think he did a great job w superstorm sandy he did not there are thousands starving freezing homeless still proudly voted for mitt romney. romneyryan2012rt davidicke genetic liar says he tells the truth obamawith my dad standing in line to vote obama2012rt suburbanfamiiy retweet for romney2012. favorite for obama2012. let s see who win just exercised my constitutional right to vote with njay425 romneyryan2012rt _tjbell let s do this go vote obama2012 rt robdelaney i wa considering voting for mittromney but then i remembered i entered the world through a vagina.i need to b able to afford the rest of my remaining school time obamagotta keep hope alive obama rt louie3211 . michelleobama there s too much at stake to sit on the sidelines. go vote today bring a friend 2. every vote counts ..in keeping with my givethanks amp that it s election2012 i will say i m thankful for having the freedom to vote a i please.what will political analyst be looking at a election2012 result start to come in jmalonevoa explains head of united auto workers alleges dirty trick by mittromney camp in ohio by cmunozthehillobama is the face of evil tcotrt caladyphotog civic duty done cavoter election2012 vote voto2012 rt fran_tarkenton voting is the foundational act that breathes life into the principle of the consent of the governed. -deforest soar ..i want the election to be like 08 obamart ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt lauriebailey it s the dawning of a new day in america. vote vote vote romneyryan2012it s more broke people than rich people so vote obama2012 -stranger .. smhwow..one machine in perry county pa wa selecting mitt romney when a voter chose barackobama ..they say they removed the machinert larahonrado this is it. election2012rt jordansekulow mittromney this is it. make sure you vote today. find your polling location .. romneyryan2012 so the tanning tax go away jk i voted for miggy2012rt miguelcbs4 cbsmiami only sfl station to interview barackobama on election day defede cbs4vote key to getting bumped up in voting line bring a baby. election2012 thatsfairrt haleygilbert_ i sure know i wouldn t want a president who want to win for revenge instead of love for our country. romneyryan2012rt k_grims election day finally. obama2012  barackobama i just locked in my vote.rt pauleyp so proud to voteobama vote for equal right women s right civil right lgbt right and a good honest man gt obamacan t wait till this election to be over so people would shut the hell up and stop tweeting about mitty or obama..damn election2012good luck president obama canada is rooting for you barackobamahow can you be old enough to vote and claim you support obama2012 but you arent going out to vote thats just some fuckeryno stupidity rt imjus_kia take deep breath obama2012 rt brittd1178 everybody get out and vote so we can get this nigger out of officeeveryone just please go vote. we need it. obamart westjournalism navy seals expose obama tcot amspec true the vote hotline election fraud is occurring all over the country today. true the .. tcot teapartyrt jolverajr ppl that voted for him in 08 are voting against him this year democratic state are voting for romney collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012  oregon not sure wheretovote check out here go out and vote for freedom tcot romeny latino woman jobrt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 evalongoria here we go america election day is finally here vote vote vote obama2012 teamobama as a canadian i have no say in today election but a a woman human being i am rooting for barackobama don t blow it america forward2012american soldier sacrifice their life to protect our freedom. exercise your freedom and vote today. election2012i wa a life long dem until 9 11 now im a pissed off american amp an independant teapartyget out there and vote today obama biden we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it teamobama obama2012 barackobama seanhannity glennbeck dickmorristweet dloesch toddkincannon thanks for all you ve done leading up to today. gopelection day so excited mittromney mittromneyrt amyfoster23 looking forward to watching the us election coverage later. i hope the american population have been sensible. obama2012rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012i voted today obamastate law re photo of ballot obama2012 voteobama instagood tweegram photooftheday iphonesia inst rt llanier28 aprillynn32 lol i ve had to unfollow a few celebrity who should stick to acting..i just couldn t take it anymore lol ..rt abc watch exclusive election night preshow coverage - streaming now election2012 yungnationblast yungnation realnationgang need everybody to vote for obama obama2012 ynallfreestyles2 obama2012 ohio election2012 lines at poll in ohio. dozens of thing wrong mostly repair to machines. lawsuit to stop electronic reporting.ugh when will today be over answer never election2012 kevinknocke barackobama neither party is worth voting for.vote america and take our country back tcot teapartyvotes teapartyrt primdna i made special celebration drink for mittromney if he win the election. i hope he like it.  diplo say the dj with no econ or business experience. leave running the country to actual bosses champ of the world. romney guy run shitrt bbcnewsus the economy iran healthcare abortion - what would romney and obama do differently on key us election2012 issue ht ..i wish i could vote because i m teamobama all the damn way. obama2012. rt defendpaulryan rt if you voted romneyryan2012 today loveofcountry tcoti wish i wa still a student so i could stay up on election night and watch the result role in uselection obamart hexmurda if u vote for mittromney uahoe. barackobama whats going on america ohio us ows i go to church once every two years..to vote. happy to maintain the physical separation of church and state. election2012i don t believe this about obama dropping 3 . just vote amp shut up let u see the final result tonight obamai m foreal kinda scared but i got faith in obamai wish i could vote today you know what man i ll be backing barackobama ofa_nhrt _bobby_boucher_ obama romney bobby boucher election2012didnt see a spot for wakaforpresident so i walked out that bitch wakaflockabsm jk obama2012obama you have my vote..now let continue on this road to recovery.. bush messed it up for 8 years..now you get 8 year to fix it.. obama obama go go go c mon america don t fuck this up obamatomorrow when i wake in england i will only just know how ha won the us election come on barackobama teamobama mittromney barackobama the both of you are moron and i am voting socialist how do you feel am i on a watch list now i like and respect woman i also want equal right for all. so why the hell would i ever vote for r-money the bigot obama2012 obama allexthegr8 hell ya he s such a bro romneyryan2012rt im__ace __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama this counts a ..want a job or others to have a job cast your vote for romney -- voteobama romney obamai exercised my right to vote this morning a so many people cannot in this world. now the waiting game. romneyryan2012 cantafford4morert wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt propublica did you instagram your ballot today depending where you live that could be illegal via loisbeck ..in line to vote obama2012 ps 173 w 5 others happy election day go vote obama2012 bankrollmarkus romney v obama. the baby know. truee lukerussert thomasville pa. 3 lines to vote based on 1st letter of last name. center line asking for id. other 2 are not. p2 tcot maddow andersoncooper dnc barackobama help my college student sister thatchicksarah_ vote in va today. she wa turned away from poll  voteobama because he belief in woman s right not woman binder election2012rt ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -rasrt emilyand what 20 00 fired up iowans look like obama2012 rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known  everythingpinkk __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama rt ryandemoris22 repost if you do too obama revenge or love of country forward dems democrat obama obama2012 biden forward2012 p2 naacp romney usaafter 2 rally s..numerous signs..t tshirts..i am proud to have been a active part of my first election election2012 r amp rhow do you cure romnesia obamacare cover pre-existing conditions. barackobama obama2012guys. hey guys. guise look. guys look what i did today. guise. election2012 this is why a i canadian i hope obama win tonight. true the vote hotline rightmind tcotrt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpoli hear the sound of victory obama2012rt ap election watch if you make car in detroit the odds are that you have today off election2012 -raso spent 1million dollar on one state dinner. what the hell did they eat romneyryan2012 tcotwill there be the first c.e.o. of america or just another potus vote election2012 senbillnelson voted 4 tarp obamacare stimulus.rt to tell your friend bill nelson bad for florida flsen flpol tcot vote4 conniemackrt zztro if ur voting for mittromney take pictures of your ballot lmaort 504unit teejayfoy leak words are power intro 504unit feat. barackobama via youtube wordsarepower coming rtgood luck president obama - here s to another 4 year obama2012 barackobamafunny business in pa gop official booted black panthers return -- amp obama at polling site withe choice is clear vote for obama2012. unless of course u don t believe in woman s right human right or univ healthcare election2012rt adictd2ink_kush damn romney gone win bcus 18 year old dont know the rule of voting yo dog can tell u is curtain at the poll f .. huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012 bastardsi watched none of the debate and know nothing about politics but i absolutely know romney is going to wini m proud to have exercised my right to vote. obama2012rt fabianhoughton waiting for this nappy dude king_of_turtles to get outta class so we can vote obamart frogsupply i have spent countless day away from my family sacrificing for you to have the right to vote today. yes even you democr ..rt michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. ..rt kernelwars breaking ballot tampering suspect identified - and she s a right-wing activist voteobama obama20 ..come on barackobama forward yes we still can all the good luck possible from spain. and if you lose please come here to save u rt desertscene california what ha dianne feinstein done for you vote for elizabethemken for senate ca tcot sgp news medium ..rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012rt surfdub hundreds of fraudulent voter registration identified in florida fl - gop-backed firm responsible dems rt mhagayr 3 kings rt barackobama three guy hanging out backstage in columbus at andrew jackson s funeral his pet parrot had to be removed because it kept swearing. election2012rt newsninja2012 obama didn t care about your job for the last four year why should you care about his for the next four - vote mit ..rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 .. barackobama can u get justinbieber to meet me rt tickedoffdem i have no idea how this race for president got neck to neck except that many who wanted to vote could not obama201 ..rt opus_6 rt betseyross navy seals to confront black panthers at polling places ncpol p2 tcot msnbc cnn l ..rt hexmurda if u vote for mittromney uahoe.even though i m wearing blue i voted red romneyryan2012 merica alphadeltapi  barackobama the david pakman show here we go touchscreen voting machine video flipp obama vote to romney in pa today if you don t get up and vote you have noright to complain about who get elected. obama2012rt arlenwms rt igorzmum connecting the dots of the obama story chicago backdrop tcot teaparty very inter g ..analysis we predict lot of voting today and a 100 chance that either barack obama or willard romney will win the electoral college.rt romneyresponse . robportman video we will win ohio romneyryan2012 tcotrt tonibraxton know who your voting for.. obama go vote yhur opinion counts. yhur vote doe matter. obama2012rt kayostylz go vote obamart shaayohyayy just voted for govgaryjohnson .. let s do this america election2012rt edshow huffpostpol watch voting machine allegedly register obama vote a romney vote election2012 hmm..rt betseyross fraud obama mural in philadelphia polling place ncpol p2 lnyhbt msnbc cnn abc cbs tcotrt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..voted make sure you get butt out there and vote obamapoliticing at the starbarraleigh for the election party this evening obamart fergie i have made my choice. my hope is 4 president barackobama 2 get reelected amp get more time 2 turn this country around. ..rt bankrollmarkus romney v obama. the baby know. me too. solyrical finna go get some as first bust this nut then imma go vote for you. barackobama interesting that the msm ha focused on the flipromney obama tie at dixvillenotch amp suppressed obama s big win at hartslocation tcotjust remember guy romneyryan2012rt ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -rasrt leoterms i only vote for leos election2012 romney about that money if you plan to be a future millionaire you better vote for my man romtime.. romney 2012 go vote rt usahipster human body chain of 25m unemployed americans who oppose obama is getting longer vote romneyryan2012 another 5 reason to vote for obama. get out and vote  proosen_14 it s illegal to take a picture of your ballot love your vote though romneyryan2012something i pondered this morning have the northern born and now southern resident had an impact on election outcome election2012rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 .. obama is down in the polls because people are taking pictures of they ballots. do not take post pictures of your ballots. rt and pass onrt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolrt wildwayne video of the day impulss - real mitt romney - exercise your right to vote today watch gt rt michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. ..rt untappd happy election day after voting check-in to a beer and include i voted in the comment for a badge - .. seanhannity foxandfriends with all of the cheating done by demoncrats how can mittromney expect to win he ha said nothing about it.y all broke as nigga be up early a hell to give footlocker yo last 160 for the new js but wont stand in the rain to vote go vote obamart callme_hanimaay today matter vote obama vote obama vote obama today matter vote obama vote obama today matters vote o .. election2012 picture of me voting last week. rt magicjohnson busy morning - did 6 radio interview in battleground state talking about barackobama amp cjbycookie just got fin ..rt iceberg_slim24 voting felt good - obama2012rt therock before i vote - final question.. who wake up first and start kickin as before sunrise mittromney or barackobama cincto our us follower safe election election2012mf doom for councilor. election2012just voted for mittromney for president and patmccrorync for governor. romneyryan2012 tcot jenramos i voted election2012 yaay forward my heart is with you barackobamavoted the wait wasn t bad at all either. it took all of 5 minutes. election2012 rt allthingsles get out there and vote you gay remember a vote for obama is a vote for equality. obama2012 looks like i m skipping biology to go vote. oh well election2012 greatstudentrt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt bettyfckinwhite reason to vote 69 wearing an i voted sticker will get you laid. election2012rt jensen_jessica i voted. election2012happy voting day from the hottest people you know. katherinehartness06 voting election america obama r  mittromney election2012 romney -- mitt romney zingo meme lol  erikamoen barackobama yes please.if i ever got interrupted by you i d punch you in the face. mittromneyrt bkjay_maknmoves about to go vote obama2012rt reklecounte i voted. clear eyes full hearts america can t lose romneyryan2012i voted. but not because you told me to. election2012get out and vote.. just a friendly reminder that this world is supposed to end in 50 days. let s go out in style. obama2012he s got my vote electionday obama rt pitbull get out there and make a difference in our country dalee ponte la pila election2012 votert monique_lashae shut yo dirty bigfeet rude square as head no life racist ass up ricky_catanzaro no nigger should lead th ..rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012hoy election2012 forward ofa ppl excited to vote for gov. mittromney and george allen tom smith tommy thompson connie mack richard mourdock.having watched breaking amish a minute ago i m now motivated to remain educated and do well on the term of mid semester romneyryan2012rt zachzadams i can honestly say that my dog ha better leadership quality than mittromneyyall better get out here and vote.. vote election2012 i see no tweet saying anything positive about obama from his supporters..guess even they can t help him run on his record romneyryan2012rt katheventura we love you my nigga barackobama cine threw that romney ryan sign obama 2012rt trevorstjohn please vote my friend forward barackobamart yahoonews see live election day result in the yahoonews election2012 control room rt ipsospa here s reuterspolitics election2012 live blog  article poll who will win the election teaparty election - rt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. mort clem_sux romney obama spurrier election2012gosh who to vote for romney romneyryan casa a la turtle rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012rt teapartycat how do i know romneyryan2012 will win because voteobama is trending on instagram a liberal delay voting to snap ph ..why voter suppression is mostly a republican tactic p2 tcot teaparty mittromney voteobama via bloombergviewwell.. tonight in florida your dad and i will either be drinking in celebration or drinking our sorrow away. -erin taylor obamart socialistviews obama s war in africa saturation point. usa election2012rt theofficialkaya hey mittromney don t forget to voteobama rt chiefbrody1984 romney v obama. the baby know. did a mock election in class 14 people voted obama and 1 voted romney voteobama election2012i just bought a huge pack of twix. celebration or consolation a the election2012 result roll in from the us. gonna be a long night. election2012 yes i am a big hoe and i know it lol..  barackobama polling line are moving quickly in virginia. we must be prepared photo id and voter card required. rt uloveem_idougem done w all the election talk. i just hope obama win. but if we lose.. i call da spot n the cotton f .. michelleobama barackobama fingers crossed  mittromney election2012 romney -- mitt romney zingo meme lol this is cool news video photo and more in the yahoonews election control room election2012 rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012honestly who cares who all the celebrity and musician are voting for. try educating yourself and forming your own opinion. election2012i m watching united states presidential election 2012 2014 others checked-in getglue election2012rt staxxfifth u stupid bitch rt realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan2012 vote2012 voteno dis bitch dnt say blacks4romneyrt realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan2012 vote2012 votert ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt verifiedwhitney just tweeting bout obama amp saying he gonna win not gone make him win. getting yo as up and voting for him will .. oprahisadyke barackobama hahahaha that made my day rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012i prraayy romney do not i mean do not win urgh rt ofa_nc 8 hour left to reelect barackobama and keep this country moving forward. don t wait voteobamart newsweek broken machine lines if you are having trouble voting report your issue at the polling center here ..i want someone who ha child that he love rather than someone who crush there dreams. voteobama bigbird barackobama katyperryromney must own those broken voting machines.. campaign hugginsitsamess obama2012french teacher just told me to go vote instead of being in class. haha love her election2012rt pimpbillclinton . mittromney dude did you know you ll have to live in a smaller house than you re used to if you win fuck that sh ..this is what i did first thing in the morning. govote election2012 rt chromeo funk the vote obamart suburbanfamiiy retweet for romney2012. favorite for obama2012. let s see who win rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012california voter please vote yes on prop 37 so we know whether we are eating gmos. election2012rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt _raidherpanties im soo ready for tonight man im excited for my president. obama2012 mittromney election2012 romney -- mitt romney zingo meme lol rt daleahlovee_ wish i could vote obama im_qm rgilbert2434 bettec13 snellcolin levanduski1 make sure u dont vote out of turnn election2012 pokerproblemsrt defendpaulryan rt if you voted romneyryan2012 today loveofcountry tcoteven the maury show is with obamart mittromney with virginia s help we are going to bring america back. please get out and vote romneyryan2012rt michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. ..rt flaviamed 4 more year obama ofa_fl if you ve got time for lunch you ve got time to make 5 call for barackobama using our call tool. don t wait finally finished voting and the church had free open wifi two plus for me today election2012rt verifiedwhitney romney cannot win he don t give a fuck about us. vote for someone who do which is obama voteobama obama2012rt fifteenminspr for all and not just some. for the many not just one. and we re so far from done.. forwardso ..rt billybaloney12 i ve d ..rt qinho10 if you have country problem i feel bad for you son we got 99 problem and mitt aint 1 obamafareal rt realwizkalia delete r0yalbreed i did my part movingforward barackobama legendary many of our school are proud polling places. some even created artwork just for voter seen any election2012rt clem_sux romney obama spurrier election2012rt danabrams as much a the medium love to focus on worst case scenario i ll bet we know who is going to win election2012 by 9pm to ..crap i forgot to go to spanish today. election2012 whoneedsspanish america barackobama i love u so much u make a great president. forward. vote obama. i hope you ll be president today. 2012-2016i vote my president barackobama _ rt exposeliberals romney leading in bellwether ohio county new hampshire towns obama won in 08 tcot tlot sgp ..obama you know i tell the truth - election2012hit the poll to ensure four year of change community opportunity and equality. we re all in this together obamai voted. bam romneyryan2012don t post ya ballot fools it won t count that s y votes are private vote obama romney or obama election2012 usa therock - final question.. who wake up first and start kickin as before sunrise mittromney or barackobama historybuff19i voted early obama20128 hour left to reelect barackobama and keep this country moving forward. don t wait voteobamarather piggy than romney. enough said. recycle outfit election2012 obama2012 president want a job or others to have a job cast your vote for romney voteobama romney obamadon t be nervous people. our president is black. go vote for him. mylambosblue happybarackobamaday obama2012 getsome winningi voted for equality. what about you obama2012 rt _lele21_ me and mz_preci0us_j and raychell gone have to take one class each semester and live n our cars if romney becomes pr ..rt ron_niced dont waste your vote and your time. dont take photos of your ballot. it s illegal and can affect your vote being counted. .. mittromney election2012 romney -- mitt romney zingo meme lol rt paddypower my face tomorrow morning if romney wins.. election2012 it s official barackobama had better taste in music than i do.massachusetts isn t voting for their own governor. teamobama obama2012 forwardthis voting line is long a shit. you re lucky i care merica.. gobama election2012rt _tjbell let s do this go vote obama2012 rt globalpost . motherjones is mapping voter suppression and poll problem election2012 laurenonair is doing the nationalnewsatnoon on 580 cfraottawa. ottnews obama romney ottawa cjr algonquincolleg ckdj1079wonder what will be exploding first tonight my timeline or my head election2012now at peacock panache- foxnews contributor obama will and should win forward obama2012 p2ok so i voted a week ago but it still count getglue election2012rt lolgop the candidate who know that if every citizen can vote they ll lose romneyryan2012rt lanes_ww retweet this if you want obama to win and i ll follow you but you must follow back unfollow 90sbabyfollowtrainrt wakaflockabsm everybody go out n vote for my brother gt gt gt barackobama make sure you vote today election2012rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 .. mittromney election2012 romney -- mitt romney zingo meme lol my president is black obama2012 where state pride meet quality romneyryan2012get out and vote election2012rt tuckerclark26 obama2012 obama2012 obama2012 obama2012 even though i should be president. clark2032rt sothebysrealty it s electionday in the us see what give washington dc it s unique energy election2012rt romneyresponse buzzfeed romney i feel great about ohio romneyryan2012 tcotrt if you re voting for obama adamlambert rt ronniejordan anybody who s ever gotten financial aid for college should be voting for obama2012election day go vote election20124 more years get your voice heard obama biden rt lauraclawson chrysler give worker day off to vote day after pointing out romney wa lying about it jobs. latinos improving finances may swing key states latism election2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt suburbanfamiiy retweet for romney2012. favorite for obama2012. let s see who win ew bye rt louisxii_ you just a ugly a him bitch rt goshawty123 omfg i love you mitt please follow me my king mittromneyevery vote count united we stand obama2012 we got this rt iam_alrene_ woke up this morning beyond nervous..i ll probably be this way until tonight. i pray that he wins. obama2012 barackobama reports of voting machines rigged to give mitt the vote when the voter picks pres.obama please investigatevote noonb and obama2012 if you don t go fuck yourselfjust voted so happy i have a voice in all of this. obamart saramarietweets how do government program empower middle class family bill don t they just make them dependent on the governme ..rt aaronmy_heart obama rate dropped 3 u can not take pictures at the booth of who u voted for thts a law dnt u be the reason oba ..a longer time for black women. socialmia it took until august 26 1920 for women.. ladies get out there. election2012 so nervous about the result of the election today but going to do my part and cast my vote for the first time romneyryan2012 i honestly can t think of one reason obama shouldn t win.but if he doesn t then u know they cheated.but i m going to think positive. obamart julienaser1 please vote for obama obama2012my anxiety level is so high right now but it s cool barackobama we got this teamobama 4moreyearswhat s concerning about close finish is 4 more yr of grandstanding amp refusal to cross the aisle . global power gridlock. election2012rt ipimppimps hi mittromney dont forget to voteobama today rt verifiedwhitney obama 49 romney 49 it s a tie. voteobama obama2012hey barack and romney thanks for spending 6 billion combined to show u fiscal responsibility election2012 joekennedy good luck i just came back from voting for you elizabethforma and barackobama lindahusser me too straight party ticket election2012 p2 prioritywait wait wait..rt solyrical finna go get some as first bust this nut then imma go vote for you. barackobamart keder just pretend it s chickfila appreciation day but instead of getting a chicken sandwich you get to restore america. vote m ..it s a beautiful day in vegas to let your voice be heard. v-o-t-e election2012i think i may have accidentally voted for mittromney. does someone in ohio want to trade vote with me and vote for barackobama thanks.rt kerishardayj vote for the candidate you want love the other and pray for both. election2012rt fiercewireless obama romney offer contrasting vision on net neutrality. and just about everything else. ..rt mikececiarelli we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 i just voted obama forward lets go america  mittromney start packin bitch govenor romneyrt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt barackobama we re coming to the end of a long campaign all that s left to do is get out the vote. let s win this. -bort usahipster navy seals billboard in tx another threat will be removed in november bye bye obama vote romne ..rt iloveladyred ydothdot if romney win you ain t gon do shit wit your life.. if obama win you still ain t gon do shit wit yo ..rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..i wonder what company mittromney will buy out and nose dive to take out his frustration after he loses. lolgoprt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..rt mtvjams lmao-- rt ecooley3rd just heard romney say if he president that he will take away bet mtv jam and stephen a smith off ..rt stahvee_ yo mittromney dont forget to vote obama2012 obama will take a early lead in the poll until the smart people get out of work romney2012not all latinas vote the same. romneyryan2012 vote latinos4romneyrt keahukahuanui go and vote today find your polling place noexcuses election2012real talk i would actually go write in roseanne barr or lil b for the instagram opportunity but then it wouldnt count election2012rt phillyd election2012 submit your own ivoted pic to rt aaronmohio . barackobama lets get this money son it s noon on the east coast.. why haven t the news orgs already called the east coast state for barackobama or mittromney yet rt michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. .. election2012 my president is black rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..it feel like i m waiting on some jay obama bitch rt ryangohamm v ote o bama t oday e veryone voteobama election2012casting my first presidential vote for romney hollow creek community center  biasedgirl do you know when the winner will be announced tomorrow romneyryan2012 anndromney mittromney go hide in the binder go horse riding and the other rdicoulus stuff you are doing your husband is a moron.if i were us citizen i d vote for barackobama .bey rocking the vote movingforward election2012  prisonworld joebiden obama2012 i wish i were consider yourself lucky. been in line for 2.5 hour so far. easily another 2hrs chipotletweets photobomb lot of joebiden must see 20 weirdest photo moments of the 2012 campaign via buzzfeedkinda hoping roseann barr win election2012casting my vote for obama obama2012 rt kidbam22 please stfu about obama2012 rommeyryan2012 twitter is not the voting booth so go somewhere with that shit.craft for the election2012 via craftscounciluk rt acrusoejr romney v obama. the baby know. rt musicjew breaking avraham fried say that he voted for mittromney. there wa no question about it rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012katy perry know vote obama2012 obama joebiden electionday 4moreyears so i voted but i didn t get a sticker..i feel unsatisfied. election2012a primer on how the u.s. election process work uspoli election2012 ctvelectiongod forgives..i vote obama 2012 2terms usa..godbless happy election day remember white is right romneyrt shellymullen1 even if your state is solid on the romney side vote show up make it a landslide amp send a message. obama we re ..so proud of our teen voting for the first time. it s a privilege. god bless america election2012 govote  idaho not sure wheretovote check out here go out and vote for freedom tcot romeny latino woman jobrt pinkpassionfla we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama way is the right waymake today count exercise your right to vote election2012 proudamericanrt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 katieb_347 female dont have opinion romneyrt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..rt goldenchild1988 let s keep obama in office 4 more year rt teapartycat how do i know romneyryan2012 will win because voteobama is trending on instagram a liberal delay voting to snap ph .. teaparty tcot ocra carpe diem hope is key today. obama2012 vote election2012i wish i could vote. romney romney romney romney romney romney romney romney romney romney romney romney romney romney romneyrt katyinindy romneyryan2012 stand in line today instead of standing in unemployment line next 4 year amp standing in obamacare li .. mittromney lt -- we got ya buddy barackobama obama is a president for the people . . . he want to see all people in america be successful-not just the 1 . . . voteobamart chiefbrody1984 romney v obama. the baby know. rt luv4rih vote wisely vote obama rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt peoplearepissed just in voter fraud monitor on high alert for election day fox news tcot lkyhbt redeye g8m get it while you can. tcot teapartyrt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012us election image vote election2012 via n0ticei can t even fathom the nervous poop that governor romney and president obama must have. election2012epitome of ignorance and racism tcot candii_luvzu if u r black and don t support obama u r not real..u r a bitch like realstaceydash if you know people with little one offer to babysit for an hour so they can govote. election2012 obama2012 anndromney mittromney done i wa out 1st thing this morning. you have my vote mitt  obama baby rt catherinecrier if you have a problem voting or have question about election2012 call 1-866-our-vote or email info 866ourvote.o ..hi mittromney dont forget to voteobama today everybody if yo see this go out amp vote obama nation 2termz don t complain later when yo shit fucked  barackobama even though i m canadian i still believe in teamobama your decision could affect canada too voteobama vote2012rt betseyross democrat thugs black panthers return to philly gop tossed out update fight ncpol p2 lnyhbt m .. messina2012 if u want support for a barackobama agenda in 2013 dont screw u by disabling election night event on good luck mr. president barackobamart _mackiavelli mitt romney losing in massachusetts a state that he governed. why vote for him when his own people don t want him fo .. pjswan toddstarnes par for the philly course. if you decide at the last minute based on a mural you are truly pathetic. lnyhbt tcot barackobama i got your back at the poll today mr. president -  votetoday romney voteno dontlimitrights and if you don t vote nocomplainingrt 19stjazzy snazzyjd mrcalmndabooth iamnathangarber shit up pussy romneyryan2012 gohomenigs whoaai know these fuck ass cr ..rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt solyrical finna go get some as first bust this nut then imma go vote for you. barackobamai voted for clean beautiful breathable air. obama2012 reps from cjr facebook amp center for american progress on socialmedia2day webinar election2012 amp social medium now rt jdediegojr you know who to vote for today romneyryan2012 rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt 23rdbricks obama fuck witt all da trappas an hood nigga so vote rick santorum tweet that he d never vote for obama and that romney continues to distort the truth. tcot p2 obama  senbillnelson voted 4 tarp obamacare stimulus.rt to tell your friend bill nelson bad for florida flsen flpol tcot vote4 conniemackjust to think today voting will change everything it s a nail bitting election. obamatoday is the big day everyone election2012 get out there and vote if you re of age american youth must be represented rt yo_valley urmyaddiction_ some of yall ignorant as people just voting for obama bc he s black.. shame preach si barackobama 99 problems but mitt aint one mittromney epic battle of election2012  whoisyoungace goodmorning everybody get up amp go vote vote for obama or else go broke lol smh .. really tho rtcivil right activist report voter are unlawfully being turned away in pennsylvania if they have no pix voter id. election2012getting ready for a long night with the news channel for election2012. first pub for pre-football drinks.rt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. mort slone romney voter mentality i will crawl over ground glass to vote for romney this is why mitt will win him. .. therichardlewis i vote to protect my own wallet don t need others to spend my money especially since i don t have much romneyrt sturdyalex what no i m not crying there s just.. something.. in my eye.. sob obama marriageequality make an educated vote today exercise a right that so many in our nation have fought to preserve. election2012everyone aauw is getting people out 2 vote our exec director linda hallman is calling ohio itsmyvote election2012 rt mawuangels happy election day get out the vote obama2012 forward america mawu angels via sharethisrt wltx rt jstyleswltx stay in line and be patient don t let long line deter your vote election2012i will be so glad when obama win so everyone can stfu rt haaleyyjo just voted romneyryan2012on my way to vote election2012 govote obama holyheadingtothepollsbatmanis it or isn t legal to share your ballot paper on social medium us election2012 both class cancelled today looks like i can go vote earlier romneyryan2012rt lizzie_b if obama win we aren t screwed. he s digging u out of the hole already people aren t giving him another chance. elec ..rt clem_sux romney obama spurrier election20125 thing you can do right now to help make sure barackobama win  mittromney followback please rt btoocold87 u gon be tryna vote frum heaven realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan201 ..rt ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -rasrt shannonsteidl front page of ny post today lnyhbt romneyryan2012 rt stevenertelt national right to life pro-lifers must vote for mitt romney romneyryan2012dear aja reporter in columbus ohio cleveland is a city and not a state. election2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 obama is winning right now lost my voting virginity and it felt soo good. obama2012 voting rockthevote votingvirginity rt ap election watch pregnant chicago woman doesn t let being in labor stop her from voting election2012 -rasrt scienceofsin super obamaniacs vote in virginia. let s get er done vaforobama vote barackobama katyperry rt chrisnewson try a google image search for completely wrong .. romney funny rt rhoodje mittromney fuck that shit bitch obama2012rt ronniejordan anybody who s ever gotten financial aid for college should be voting for obama2012rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 .. mn things you should know about the voter id and marriage amendment question on ballot. election2012 wdiowirtmr. t say i pity the fool who doesn t vote for barackobama rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da .. noelclarke obama all the way. crazy not toi just learned if u post ur vote ie fb twitter etc it null amp void so all voting 4 barackobama don t that every1 else go 4 it rt ball_is_lifed14 rt __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama praying to god barackobama win this election. without his win i swear we are doomed rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012politico say obama swift boated romney over bain experience. um.. no. key difference the bain stuff is true. facepalmdiscover what barackobama and mittromney clothes mean for the next four years.. rt gomittromney rt if you can t wait to read tomorrow s headline .. romney win with a massive victory . teamromney election2012 ..rt mt_foxx obama again yesyoucan obama my nigha rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..thank you professor for canceling class because you are working the poll obama2012will be poll watching at 1-3pm wauconda park district. you will be called if you didn t vote. il gop tcot romney2012 beyoncepromo mtvnews beyonce barackobama i love it obama2012 rb3 6figuremommyobama care for all wealthy poor mid wealth and we all should care for eachother vote obama fowarddont get romnesia make sure you go out and vote voteobama obama2012but you rich tho rt realdonaldtrump before you vote think obama want to raise tax mittromney want to lower taxes--need i say more rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word .. mashable thanks for posting colby amp courtney vote2012 pic. they are really mad at their mom loveteasingmykids election2012 barackobama hello u-haul i d like to make a reservation.. rt jsreisner gameday let s go fourmoreyears of barackobama cc yben danbeksha saritamanhattan yuridiapena amp so many others ..unreal rt katyabram rt gop philadelphia polling place puts voting booths next to obama mural tcotrt l_hopson23 yeah obama is a great president lol ignorance romneyryan2012 rt alex_wass my idea of helping people isn t putting them on welfare it s getting them off. -mitt romney realchange romneyryan2012rt austinmcbroom vote today obama rt dickmorristweet prediction romney 325 obama 213 election2012 romney obama hannityshow america_live dru .. barackobama voted for obama2012 this morningjus put in my poll obama2012 2termsrt scienceofsin super obamaniacs vote in virginia. let s get er done vaforobama vote barackobama katyperry rt muellersrtm philly election2012 special 3 for 10 candy apple in readingterminalmarket today vote crunch repeat wait only vote ..right now twitter is promoting voteobama. i hope that the gop also paid for a promoted hashtag like voteromney or it will smell bad.rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012i voted. election2012 electiondayomy to go vote with eastside_shawti itnever_fails three_hunna obama rt tommyfromatown this should tell you something.. obama take the day off while romney keep working til the end. romney wont st ..when i see car with rude a sticker about obama i be wishing i had egg with me damnredneck showrespectcome wednesday obama will no longer be an embattled incumbent just president obama. romney will still be romney guess i ll peel myself away from election2012 coverage and go to the gym addicted obsessed  mredward13 download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012rt avaaz what will it mean for the world if romney win election2012rt 575powerlift575 be sure to go out and vote today election2012rt westjournalism giuliani blasts obama over hurricane sandy relief tcot bmancuso7 i am concerned about report coming out of pa about voting machine switching vote fr obama to romney. barackobamaare u old enough rt shittwinkssay i just voted have you voteobama election2012 if y all people can vote tell em get off they lazy as amp go do it . obamathe world gonna end so ether way obama or romney we gonna diepolls for election2012 open in all 50 states first poll to close just 7 hour from now. 7newsnow at 11am and..  yes virginia i used this cliche c mon va obama2012 govote you can put this thing in the bag why let ohio or colorado get the hype rt globalpost great graphic novel on election2012 by guardianusrt kacycatt we all criticize the middle east for having religion in government well wtf are we doing voting in romneyryan2012 rt gac_princess74 lt 3 pleased to see obama is the number 1 trended topic glad to see that  mittromney election2012 romney -- hillary clinton give mitt romney some advice. lol politicalmeme  alexandra_2090 glad to hear about this. wish this wa the case elsewhere. romneyryan2012rt america_honeys condescending wonk get it. romneyryan2012  voting vote obama forward2012 voting at pasciucco apartments rt noah_bean thank you to barackobama for continuing his excellent job responding to super storm sandy with such care strength and a ..sign the petition uaw file ethics charge against romney for screwing delphi amp stashing million offshore maddowrt kid_schmid if your 18 get your as out there an vote obama2012 yeson3i voted for barack obama for president and leslie knope for pawnee city council obama2012 parksandrecmy 100th tweet will be dedicated to barackobama and the election voteno gobama also dedicated to teresa_giudice i lt 3 you vote for barackobamart clem_sux romney obama spurrier election2012rt potteristic barack obama ha read all seven harry potter book to his daughters. voteobama election2012rt allenforrest i voted barackobama katyperry in my election day swag oprah gayleking rt spj_tweets journalists follow kevin smith spjethicschair for tip on providing ethical election2012 coverage. spjethicscode pattyshepherd1 mittromney left mass. citizen with 10 504 in per caput bond debt when he left in 07. the highest of any state in the us ileana0300 lmao same here obama four more year i just hope the young people vote alsort carterfliptme it s time to pray election election2012 tcotrt bloombergtv how he got here. hughesnews look back at president barackobama s path to election day electio ..and the worldvote go to.. globalpost govote obama romneyrt shannonsteidl front page of ny post today lnyhbt romneyryan2012 rt ere1968 i ve been saying it for month mittromney must win by larger than the margin of cheatrt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt michelleobama today is the day we re-elect barackobama it s going to be a good one rt _killerkia mitt romney losing in massachusetts a state that he governed. why vote for him when his own people don t want him for ..who do you think will win the uselection obama or romney. vote now  mtpol rt nan33s who got jobs during the obama presidency via rightsidenews stunning tcot ocra lnyhbtrt 6528rontheplug mittromney the black community would like to thank you for your time but as we know the president will remain pres ..this is it women s health final face-off obama vs. romney votevoting election2012rt usahipster navy seals billboard in tx another threat will be removed in november bye bye obama vote romne ..voted today ibelieveinlima obama2012 johnwillamowski mericart holly_looya november 6 1860.152 year ago today abraham lincoln wa elected president. lets honor him by electing another great re ..rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known a republican from omaha wa in line behind me at the poll today and she said she wa still voting for obama election2012music on cnn s election2012 coverage montage sound like the survivor theme. appropriate usai needa get my lazy as up and go vote obama 2termssrt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..rt jengrunwald didn t get an i voted sticker here i made this for you election2012 captainamerica rt hexmurda if u vote for mittromney uahoe.voted for barackobama today i find myself in constant prayer today.. i have faith - but praying never hurt romneyryan2012 josh4senate mittromney election2012 romney -- hillary clinton give mitt romney some advice. lol politicalmeme rt paddypower my face tomorrow morning if romney wins.. election2012 alright we re doing a mock election who are you voting for vehrmaxwell2012 romneyryan2012 obama2012 rt and let me know rt _prettymikesha nigga posting romney like why are you voting for him what is he really gonna do for you ill wait rt m_ignatieff here s who i d be voting for today if i could election2012voted for obama and other democrats especially on the indepence line. gone a make call in half hour.what language will you vote in today election2012rt sofhoff i m prolly the only girl in this school who is for romney. election2012vote for sachin. election2012who need a full-time job anyway obama s part-time recovery yfeyman_mpt election2012 nov6i look and feel like crap but i still went out to vote. romneyryan2012 rt atoetakappa it s election day get out and vote election2012 gotvfeels so good. obama2012rt evangellance share your voting experience with u tweet u your i voted sticker and tell u who you re voting for. election2012rt jordansekulow mittromney this is it. make sure you vote today. find your polling location ..rt fergie i have made my choice. my hope is 4 president barackobama 2 get reelected amp get more time 2 turn this country around. ..rt kevinbinversie rt mattbatzel big turnout in gop stronghold oostburg wi 673 voter a of 10 30 wiright tcot 85-90 gop area on ..rt shannityshair just voted for mittromney and love of country. romneylandslideit s finally election day. the greatest part about it starting tomorrow there won t be any political ad for a couple years. election2012wearing this proudly today election2012 vote off to dublin for tonight s election2012 viewing party in the guinness storehouse. thanks for the invite usembassydublin all over these united states million of filthy liberal scum like joanwalsh sit in dreaded fear of tonight s results. muhahaha gop2012rt tonibraxton know who your voting for.. obama rt jdakar if you have any problem while voting do not leave the polling place. call 866-our-vote 687-8683 for legal advice. elect ..rt lizzwinstead ohemgee mittromney did someone steal your country which one cayman s bermuda switzerland china go vote my teacher say then he say go obama .. umm.. no go romney romneyryan2012 nobamaalert 2012 voting machines caught altering votes today thefrankiecicconeshow mikebalchi frankieciccone obama2012 rt getoffmyshoes ahaha rt punishme_ romney v obama. the baby know. go make it happen no matter who u vote for.. vote 2012 election obama ivoted rt fillthechair the dow is happy happy happy. investors have a good feeling that romney is being elected today. tcot ccot gop ..to all my american follower please don t vote for a dude who want to defund planned parenthood. election2012rt apcampaign election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 ..i can t be on twitter today. annoyed romneyryan2012i can t wait to see what new election map technology the last 2 year ha brought u vote obama2012 maddowrt frankieboyle an exciting day for anyone interested in which of two very slightly different accent we hear war declared on iran el ..vote obama he will put lubrication before he fuck you vote romney he will just fuck you either way you re gettin fucked idiot wakeup  mittromney election2012 romney -- hillary clinton give mitt romney some advice. lol politicalmeme  mittromney election2012 romney -- hillary clinton give mitt romney some advice. lol politicalmeme rt borealizz lisa_darren because mittromney never expected someone to make this video ..the two faces of lyingmitt ..after todayy the shitty 4 year will be a thing of the past romneyryan2012rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012 foxnews glennbeck truth trust mittromney photo voters in philadelphia forced to vote next to giant obama mural ya damn right obama2012 noromney voted. usa owasso johnolson obama visiondos oklahoma make sure y all lazy mothafuckas get out there amp vote vote for the right man at that obama2012rt entmagazine voting today check our election2012 coverage see where the candidate stand on issue critical to entrepreneurs. htt .. alexwagner there is so much on the line i m 16 and i still feel the tension election2012today is electionday we re dedicating our timeline to shouting out folk rocking the vote election2012photo i got halo 4 halo xbox obama virginia voter are fired up and ready to go talking to ton of them for obama2012 gotv efforts. election2012 obama2012rt deco_doe can t wait to never hear my fellow americans again romneyryan2012if i could vote today i d vote for mittromney and paulryanvp. romneyryan2012 changert michelleobama today is the day we re-elect barackobama it s going to be a good one  mittromney election2012 romney -- hillary clinton give mitt romney some advice. lol politicalmeme i m surprised by the number of customer today who have asked me who i m voting for. politics election2012get up get out go vote election2012 mittromney i don t understand why liberal feel the need to be so ugly. this is why i support mitt he is the good over evil.rt urbannbarbie rt thirst22 you still a bitch nigga tho.. mittromneyrt frankieboyle an exciting day for anyone interested in which of two very slightly different accent we hear war declared on iran el ..want a job or others to have a job cast your vote for romney voteobama romney obamaget out and vote please make it happen again obama obama2012 voteobamanot sure if romney is aware rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the us before woman could vote.ladies get out there election2012without the electoral college billy50no s republican vote might actually matter. obama2012rt tamarbraxtonher get your life amp vote obama2012 rt bfx33 go vote ro ..rt realdonaldtrump before you vote think obama want to raise tax mittromney want to lower taxes--need i say more rt theofficialkaya hey mittromney don t forget to voteobama  barackobama romney2012 come on new hampshire vote make your voice count getglue election2012really overtaken with emotion this morning a i submitted my ballot for another 4 year with barackobama electionday exerciseyourrightrt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt barackobama amanda ak i am supporting president obama a both a college student and a cont  edshow cenkuygur 12 00 voter in pinellas county fl told by soe off voting open until 7pm tmrw obama2012 gotvrt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012just casted my vote. mittromney and paulryanvp are going to be great for america once you go black you don t go back obama  obama lost 676 votes cause people posted there election on social networking sites. wtf theroyaalsrt clubtrillion . barackobama amp mittromney i m selling my crucial ohio vote to highest bidder. bidding start at 1 chipotle burr ..rt biggangvh1 get out there and vote election2012rt angelicamazingg if you re voting .. pay attention obama2012 i voted early so now i m just playing the waiting game. if you haven t exercised your right to vote you have until 7pm. election2012if you care about america you will vote romney ryan today romneyryan2012if only i could vote.. obama2012 romney2k12 romneyryan2012 romney2012 let do this rightrt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012happy election day now get out there and govote voteobama barackobamago vote just dont vote for romney lol obama2012rt aubreyonly your unemployed ass though.. rt realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan2012 ..only a few hours til 0bozo is in the welfare line like his suppoerts lol election2012 romneyryan2012 govote tcot romney2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 enigmaphotoca want stronger trade esp. in energy btwn cda amp us. mittromney demonstrates willingness to act fast. no room now for ditheringrt cloewearsjeans attention people spread the word obama2012 election day election2012 votereally don t want romney to win obama2012rt bluegrasspundit to my libertarian follower i understand the concept of a protest vote but today isn t the time. tlot tcotrt staxxfifth u stupid bitch rt realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan2012 vote2012 votert arlingtongop 7 hour to go polling place in va. open until 7 pm - don t miss your chance to vote romneyryan2012 ..i mean i know i m supposed to vote but i m not a motivated if i m not told to rock the vote m election2012 rockthevotert iilluminateyou i need all my followers to rt this dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known sure did 7 50 am this morning - rt vibevixen itgirl_wynter iamnikki_rich thanks boo did you both vote obama2012  barackobama please go and vote for president obamasoo is it a black house right now b_4stel it s called the white house for a reason let keep it that way romney dontrenig rt mandypandy32 so this dog sum up election2012 for pretty much everyone.. rt jjauthor america once had johnny cash steve jobs and bob hope. now we have barack obama no cash no job and no hope. vote romneyrt jarrodbcecil barack obama think michael vick is a all around great guy . romneyryan2012 election2012if you want to stay out of jail don t instagram your ballot via allthingsd election2012in case you forgot what to do today. vote for obama because romneyisnotanoption rt gregjennings it is a great day to begreat and go vote no matter where you live or what you believe let your voice be heard today ..rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt mcg_christopher acting a a hallop3 political correspondent fra vippestaten wisconsin tusen takk tuvafellman og jkaarstad oba ..my election2012 lifeline.. informed rt capitalv to everyone complaining about long line to vote.. just pretend the new iphone is at the end of it. go vote election2012 therock mittromney barackobama ..we all no obama rt rmccampbell nvomhof way to be an american election2012just voted on town hall thank you via townhallcom tcotboom. vote obama2012 rt blackboard happy toontuesday election day edition. take time to head to the poll today and vote it s your right ..rt westjournalism obama is the face of evil tcoti m watching united states presidential election 2012 2017 others checked-in getglue election2012made up my mind the morning of the healthcare ruling. the day ha arrived romneyryan2012romney wears crocs romney wears crocs my president should not have poor fashion. i peep obama in that dolce amp gabanna obama2012rt fortunemagazine meet obama s best friend at goldmansachs  michellemalkin dloesch jedediahbila liberty_chick what is hashtag are we using today election2012 don t take picture of your ballot you can have your vote taken away for that vote barackobama joebiden 1rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..the salon gop2012 tcot tlot gop election2012 teaparty defeatobamart justsati_beauty i wish 17 year olds was aloud to vote cause i would vote team obamart bfbarbie psu_rebot keepin hope alive vote kane depasquale amp casey obama2012rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012 obama go make a difference people everybody need to vote today. everybody. itsimportant obamano matter who is elected president jesus is still lord election2012 godisgood  whatever happened to the discretion of voting election2012 rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt scienceofsin super obamaniacs vote in virginia. let s get er done vaforobama vote barackobama katyperry rt itstycun __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama let s make ..rt bellesbeausbows a girl should be three thing classy sassy and a republican. romneyryan2012 rt janemarielynch planned parenthood- we re gonna get rid of that mitt romney. vote barackobama today. you don t own me psa - ht ..rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 ciara amp csquad need to make sure they vote - obamart kayostylz go vote obama imsickof unemployment. vote benaud- together we can get rid of it. election2012rt jessicaellen11 precious is skating out the vote for barackobama on campus today fl2012 gamers prove em wrong halo 4 game may keep dedicated player from voting be heard. cast your vote. election2012rt killatheists mnred minnesota is going red pa is going red even illinois is in play beat barry in his home state govote tcot ..despite my hippy feeling i think that obama will and should win. i do love obama. thoughtsandfeelingsareseperatert biggangvh1 get out there and vote election2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt mytweetnameis my president deserves another term and that s why he got my vote.. obamart wowcodyharris i voted romneyryan2012 if i could find a mountain to shout it off of i would i love voting. election2012 vote obama2012 rt lisalaflammectv here s a handy hour-by-hour breakdown of what to watch for tonight. election2012 ctvelection rt agentm thank jengrunwald for making this i voted sticker featuring captainamerica election2012rt barackobama amanda ak i am supporting president obama a both a college student and a veteran because he.. rt theplatformyt if the election2012 come down to a tie the candidate should take the catwalk to determine who will be america s n ..my voter stub in a ball jar made at least 10 year prior to a woman s right to vote. election2012 antique did you take your little one to the poll tweet u a photo election2012rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012vote for obama obama. brittd1178what my ballot look like.. lilb basedgod election2012 mittromneydontpaynotaxes thankyoukingchip rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012 alexpoole19xoxo lol and wheres romney getting the money to get u out of the debt obama2012rt betseyross democrats for romney clear eyes full hearts video tcot p2 ncpol lnyhbt msnbc cnn mittromney look like every father on nick nite combined.. obama election rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt just_girlprobs ever notice there s no donkey emoji romneyryan2012it s election day voteobama election2012happy election day go vote. election2012 forward2012 swingstateproblem govote ivoted vote4equality marriage2012rt numerologynow don t forget to support organized crime..vote obama romneynice ap voters in nj shore community cast ballot in a mobile station dubbed the vote-a-bago election2012 -ras rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt kernelwars breaking ballot tampering suspect identified - and she s a right-wing activist voteobama obama20 ..rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..i will point out one thing. everywhere you look it either romneyryan2012 or obama2012. hmmrt thehill head of united auto workers alleges dirty trick by mittromney camp in ohio by cmunozthehillwaiting 30 minute in line but it wa worth it..i voted and you should too democracy election2012 vote why4moreyears - us auto industry is back and humming teamobama voteobama rockthevote election2012 obama vote obama2012..tonight america will show the world if it people are a stupid a i thought 2012election obama rockthevote romneyjason voting for the first time.. proudmomma obama2012 rt elishanews again socialism tell we the people what we can or can t do. constitutionalism tell government what they can or ca ..guys this is our chance to make a difference. this is our generation that will be affected. so please go out and vote obama2012 rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolrt hcfpac rt if you proudly voted for a conservative today romneyryan gop tcotthank god tomorrow i won t have to see so many dang political commercial election2012 finallyfind out polling location on election2012 electionrt gavineddings i can t tell if romney is running for the republican party or the sausage party based on the lack of woman voting for ..rt mittisms video mitt romney it s time for leadership that will put aside partisanship and focus on the nation ..video recap of president obama s long list of accomplishments during first term election2012 voteobamart socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012i m voting for the candidate with the white mother and fxcked up hairline vote2012 obama romney hey guyz did yu guyz vote dis mornin obama nation yall on my way to vote with my starbucks on my hand. obama2012 usblacksheep miablove realstaceydash thank god for free thinker romneyryan2012 evalongoria obama all the way like him a lott though i m nt frm americadon t forget to vote obama obama obama rt 43gangsta1 rt __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama 6 hour until poll close in et zone of indiana romneyryan2012im sorry but if your over the age of 18 and do not exercise your right to vote i have lost all my respect for you. election2012don t let the pundit and msm s analyst discourage you..the enthusiasm is coming from our side and we will be victorious.. romneyryan2012rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpol tcot do you smoke rt bjblackburn1 cast your vote so that mitt romney is the next president of the united states of america. romneyryan2012the culinary and bartenders union endorsed barackobama and joebiden go vote today 1u vegasthink about your future.. do you want to be paying for something you can change now romneyryan2012lol hey guy remember 47 mittromney paulryanvp lol good shit barackobama hope u winrt youngjeezy my first term i sang al green.. in my second term i m going with young jeezy. barackobama all that after having gotten a voter registration card in the mail and the huge pile of junk mail to boot. election2012 electionfailrt clem_sux romney obama spurrier election2012why the republicans must take control of the u.s. senate tcot vasen georgeallenva teaparty va rva rketoday is election day for our american neighbor will you be following the result election2012 usai got towed for obama miamilife only in miamidade can t vote in peace voting in dadecounty .. miam rt agentm thank jengrunwald for making this i voted sticker featuring captainamerica election2012 anndromney mittromney a vote for mitt mean i get to redo the whitehouse..please please please..i see french country chic vote mittromney chumplmaoo menhumor hi mittromney dont forget to voteobama today i m not that well informed about american politics but only an idiot would vote romney vote barackobama 4moreyearsrt chiefbrody1984 romney v obama. the baby know. wow they gotta fake ass barackobama on the maury show thats crazy y would u do that man like that..rt punishme_ romney v obama. the baby know. sick of us news don t worry there are lot of other thing to discus apart election2012 say hadleyfreeman rt shwatson78 rockthevote election2012 teamusa united states of america rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt tmarie_92 i just pray that at the end of the day god s will be done in my life and for this country election2012 word on the street.. once you go black you never go mormon election2012 socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012 rt deathstarpr happy election day everyone. remember to make your vote count obamabiden2012 romneyryan2012 palpatinevade ..go vote itmatters obama2012 forwardrt dgjackson gov working on tonight s speech on the plane a we fly to ohio. romneyryan2012  barackobama know exactly what he s talking about. just got done voting feelaccomplishedwatching election return tonight be sure to check out the aarp election center election2012rt lunchboxbunch election2012 red white blueberries.. .. vote. then have a flag fruit plate. sound like a go ..rt elishanews again socialism tell we the people what we can or can t do. constitutionalism tell government what they can or ca ..rt miafarrow heading to the poll obama2012why the republicans must take control of the u.s. senate tcot vasen georgeallenva.. rt ryanseacrest spoke to barackobama breaking his guilty pleasure is nacho amp guac presidentincheese d ..good thing i voted early nobama2012 romneyryan2012standing on this enormous line to vote stonybrooku w aannajjane harriboii and brianobangin sbvotes12 obama2012rt the_realdrew_ boutta show obama some love real quick..rt hcfpac rt if you proudly voted for a conservative today romneyryan gop tcotrt zztro if ur voting for mittromney take pictures of your ballot lmaothis about sum it up. electionday election2012 left right obama2012 romney2012 vote instagram inst rt mjfelipe obama for president. obama2012rt shawtaysuzie my president is black ..rt iilluminateyou i need all my followers to rt this dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known rt _followmeandsee let me get up and get ready to vote obama2012 mittromney election2012 romney -- lol politicalhumor - mitt romney regards hurricanes get up and go vote ppl. every vote count obama2012 obama all down my tlrt damnthatsant he got the vote tho dumbass rt __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobam ..rt abc watch exclusive election night preshow coverage - streaming now election2012 amandateresa8 mittromney are you mad shorty fuck out my mentions.my sister and i are really sitting here calling and telling people to vote obama2012 voteobama election2012rt lukemitchell__ if i were american i d vote obama. presidentialelectionforecasting - goodbye romneyvoting for mittromney is like willingly catching herpes don t do it guy voteobama mittromney election2012 romney -- lol politicalhumor - mitt romney regards hurricanes rt kidsprayberry obama is the anti-christ romneyryan2012well mr president barackobama i just did it.i just expreessed myself..tootootootootootadodo tootoodododo..expreessed maself - rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. ..jay z said we got 99 problem but mitt aint one obama obama i voted today did you obama obama obama obama obama get out and vote vote vote vote rt verifiedwhitney obama 49 romney 49 it s a tie. voteobama obama2012 shakiddy erica_dasher download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012rt _bobby_boucher_ obama romney bobby boucher election2012just voted for barackobama . first i ve voted last election i wa kinda busy play ffxi.. so yeah.. moo victory speech dgjackson gov working on tonight s speech on the plane a we fly to ohio. romneyryan2012 rt letoyaluckett rt barackobama just a few vote could make the difference in this election grab a friend when you vote today. ..get out and vote. you can make a difference election2012rt bettyfckinwhite ironically the swing state seem least likely to have swingers. election2012rt meyergail renee4congress rt if you re voting romneyryan2012 today i voted romneyryan today rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..rt ev937 we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama way is the right way retire dis tweet election2012 thinking of you guy up here in canadart socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012don t let a man decide what a woman should do with her body. don t let someone say too people can t be married. vote obamaumm question who were all the other people on the ga ballot i only knew rep john lewis mitt romney amp president barackobama joke jokert elkrub mittromney ohio is a crucial state in this election amp your vote could make the difference. that s why i voted again ..romney is about to win this election today romneyryan2012 23rdbricks obama fuck witt all da trappas an hood nigga so vote lmfaoo omg lol rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ... govchristie his daughter and his fleece hit the voting booth. voting for mittromney secretballot inkyvote  obama president rt iamcudii realest shit you ever tweeted rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebui ..rt catherinecrier if you have a problem voting or have question about election2012 call 1-866-our-vote or email info 866ourvote.o ..team obamart verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..i really wish i could vote this election. romneyryan2012why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market day election2012you already know mitt2012 if i lived in america i d vote for u barackobama obama to win obama obama all my american people go vote for obamai wish i could vote election2012 obama2012 fourmoreyears rt republicangop today is the day for you to standwithmitt america please vote for mittromney amp paulryanvp because americade ..rt raybeckerman rt ibbchris rt channel1atlanta election2012 malfunctioning machine reported throughout south florida ..rt commonpatriot via itmakessense panic in the obama camp the landslide is starting tcot collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012 rt thereallraye don t stop retweeting this. gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt ..had a difficult time sleeping last night. had nightmare all night that barackobama won the election. romneyrt allenforrest i voted barackobama katyperry in my election day swag oprah gayleking rt ronniejordan anybody who s ever gotten financial aid for college should be voting for obama2012 mittromney election2012 romney -- lol politicalhumor - mitt romney regards hurricanes don t worry barackobama if thing don t work out in the usa election for you then you can always come over to the uk you d always win here mittromney election2012 romney -- lol politicalhumor - mitt romney regards hurricanes it s a packed room for mmckinnon election discussion shorensteinctr election2012 iop2012  repost i love this obama2012 i don t understand why american woman are voting for mittromney. don t they realise that they re voting for a sexist anti-abortion dick rt gomittromney today america ha the chance to return the principle that made it the greatest country on earth rt for teamromney ..rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 .. barackobama you got my vote maybe isn t an option in this election. too much is at stake take part in deciding the path for our country and vote election2012 jos21 finger amp toe indeed for your return home and obama victoryrebels for romney romneyryan2012rt sbpdl . katiepavlich and all of them will vote for obama out of hatred for whites. tcot teaparty when romney win black riot .. guzel_giez my voting time wa 5 min. done obama2012 . rt 1dtofreedom today is the big day everyone election2012 get out there and vote if you re of age american youth must be represented  mittromney just voted 4u in md. wish i could say ur a lock but am hoping good number even in md show how we all feel about good change  mittromney election2012 romney -- lol politicalhumor - mitt romney regards hurricanes rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt christopherjm crazy. watch in real time people clicking prompt on facebook to indicate that they ve voted. e ..funny a message for white voters..from chris rock .. vote obama romney ows humor electionthey will not be reporting any result tonight until all the poll are closed. only trending data from exit polls. tcotrt feel_destweets i want to graduate from college.. that speaks for itself.. election2012the technology behind election 2012 election2012 cisco auto worker helped by obama s bailout tell aje s scottheidler us president not going in the right direction rt barackobama if he can find the time to make call today so can you rt itsra if i wa on the mound right now id doze you right in your head obama rt baseballdoucher keep calm and vote romney rt vivalanadia why i an american muslim am voting for obama muslimvote teamobama obama2012 tcot how freaking exciting is this rt thicknherhips power to the people lmfao rt iballstuntflex unfollowed rt brapp_citybitch ohio better vote for romney voted. romneyryan2012i ordered the romney sandwich mayo on white bread swiss cheese mystery meat bain pickle amp cayman island dressing. election2012translation to my last tweet if you re able to vote make sure you do so obama2012 palinspired datechguyblog amp the newblackpanthers get2stay so they can deny more elderlywhitevoters their civilrights pathetic tcotwoo just voted obama2012rt zztro if mittromney wins grabs skee mask an load up the 9 rt danstlmo i m voting for romney because christopher stevens tyrone woods glen doherty sean smith and brian terry can t. tcotrt __tweatmee __pariss lakergangordie_ we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama ..rt kourtney_pope love that my grandaddy is a state representative so he can tell me exactly who and what to vote for romneyryan2012rt zztro if mittromney wins ymcmb_bw getting all his money back lmaolol it s not even possible to ban them so stop romneyryan2012rt ahmalcolm seriously the president of the united states tell a crowd voting is the best revenge. classwar .. election2012. if only they could insult each other and lie without killing people back in zimbabwe. maybe one daywe need some republican in the office to fix the country romneyryan2012smooth sailing 4 voting in at least one nolibs precinct election2012 fox29philly vote for obama if you really hate this country and the catholic church keven_93. romneyryan2012rt cynnful_ every vote count obamart youngvoters rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. elec ..today is vote day amp this will be my very first time i vote excited obamart zooeydeschanel ladies i want to let you know that i am voting for barackobama tomorrow. here s why let your ..democrats have the un and black panthers watching the polls. republicans have the navy seals. usa romneyryan2012 kathswanson amyeicher wait i don t need any id in ca i wa looking for a bill with my name and address on it. obamaif a woman in labor can vote on her way to the hospital.. you have no excuse govote election20122012 voting machines altering votes - youtube tcot romneyryan2012rt cierra_piazza ermahgerd it s election2012 today everybody rt karri_leigh forget the ivoted sticker. i think those who aren t voting should be required to wear a big sticker saying so. electi .. fonzbentley a are the poll brotha. obama2012 yay finally voted election2012 always vote for principle though you may vote alone and you may cherish the sweetest reflection that your vote is never lost election2012rt uloveem_idougem done w all the election talk. i just hope obama win. but if we lose.. i call da spot n the cotton f ..i ain t doing too much trippin kuz i know obama got this teaching him early how important his voice is. election2012 so why did the media black out ronpaul writeinronpaul tlot ows occupy govote halo4billboard near wilkes-barre pennsylvania gop romneyryan2012 fixthedebt the vote made with due diligence and in clear conscience is never wasted in spite of what one s overlord may say. tlot election2012now you kno who maury vote n for lt lt lt lt lt lt lt lt obamai even changed my header to match mittromney s on fb romneyryan2012mock election at our elementary school in dorchester today students are pumped about getting to rock the vote cityyear election2012once i get off i gotta go vote for my manez obamaour volunteer are firedup amp want president barackobama for fourmoreyears rt verifiedwhitney obama 49 romney 49 it s a tie. voteobama obama2012rt ap ap video voters in nj shore community cast ballot in a mobile station dubbed the vote-a-bago election2 .. obama mural in philadelphia polling place.. rt cnservativepunk if you threaten me if i don t vote for obama i m going to laugh at you. i dare you to take retribution on me for vo ..alex jones intro mmckinnon - a republican and someone who think independently. election2012but i ain t starting a political debate i m just sayin.. romneyryan2012 colbertreport what do big bird amp nuclear warhead have in common mitt romney election2012rt umisr our own msdrdata will be tweeting from npr hq a part of nprmeetup tonight umich umsocial electio .. bytheway i love the unconventional use of word like stupidity masturbatory and sewage. election2012 obama romney vote for the best beer on election day craftbeer election2012rt msrishaboo me if romney win we re going back into slavery trip3607 if that happens i ll buy you me ur mexican ull be a slav ..rt iam_mrturner rock tha vote we got this bitch rocking..rocking side to side obama win.. everybody free my klub fr ..rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt itstycun __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama let s make .. romneyryan2012 that is all.rt djreckless11 my president is black ..ordering chinese food and watching the election tonight. you coming magduffs irishswampfox and creativecanopy romneyryan2012hug a campaign worker today. on second thought just hand them a xanax. that s probably more effective. election2012 campaignproblemsgo vote and don t fuck it up_rupaul lt 3 obamart katisipp if you need 30 or 40 more reason to vote barackobama today.. rt daleahlovee_ wish i could vote obamart verifiedwhitney romney cannot win he don t give a fuck about us. vote for someone who do which is obama voteobama obama2012rt mikkoalanne the big day is here. heading out to the polls.. let s make history amp reelect barackobama. vote obama2012 forward2012 jillstein may never be president but you can use your vote to protest unfairsystem nowar occupy vote usa votestein election2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama i voted.. obama2012 hightower elementary school  biggietribute yep i think so. still many twist and turn though before this ride is over romneyryan2012rt fergie i have made my choice. my hope is 4 president barackobama 2 get reelected amp get more time 2 turn this country around. ..rt jmac4ob this just in- mittromney still a lying sack of elephant poop rt harrietbaldwin flashback pa senator bob casey voted to continue funding acorn via breitbartnews tcot teapa ..rt _jjenkins we lookin good barackobama supporterrt _daniel_tosh retweet for obama2012 favorite for romney2012 . lets see who win rt fbenenati check out barackobama working the phone for gotv effort. join in y all.. put the bag of chip down get up off the couch put some pant on amp go vote romneyryan2012  mittromney why haven t you dropped out of the race yet no one like youu geesh i just barackd the vote obama2012 voteordie obama u have the vote of this bilingual actor daughter of immigrants-educator-defender of the art gay marriage amp reproductive freedom drudge_report this need to b stopped i hear it will b but hvn t heard anythg yet shameful intimidation tcot standdown goprt angelinaudifred i will not go to bed until i know that america will be run a a country not a corporation. obama mittromney shut it mittensrt rossilynne rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. elect ..it s day like these i m thankful that we live in a country where we have the freedom to choose either coke or pepsi. election2012rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt pauleyp proud to vote for barackobama tomorrow. a good man. for equal right for all of u for integrity america is obamaon voting for obama because i am a student middle class latina woman most importantly bc i cannot afford healthcare on my own voteobama donnahamiltontv it s an important body system - integumentary election2012this t-shirt is touugh go obama theroc roc hov obama govote uspoli america unitedstates rt pocalewinskypow do not post a picture of your ballot it s illegal and your vote is void president barackobama percentage ha ..rt michelleobama today is the day we re-elect barackobama it s going to be a good one rt fsmth45faye isn t it exciting to know that you can change history today whoop pee..i voted mittromneyrt gabsguajardo america find a good way to track voting election2012 if you don t know where you are supposed to go vote today.. election20121.25 hour in at my baldwin park polling spot. almost there. wftv election2012 electiondayrt raybeckerman rt ibbchris rt channel1atlanta election2012 malfunctioning machine reported throughout south florida ..rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012who else will be able to vote next election election2012rt 1dtofreedom today is the big day everyone election2012 get out there and vote if you re of age american youth must be represented  barackobama please don t make me regret voting for you can someone vote for obama for me i m canadian. election2012 obama2012i voted for barackobama. go do your part rt suburbanfamiiy retweet for romney2012. favorite for obama2012. let s see who win rt raybeckerman rt ibbchris rt channel1atlanta election2012 malfunctioning machine reported throughout south florida ..rt danidingley if i lived in america i d voteobama unless you re rich and can benefit from romney barackobamamy did you vote yet face.its cold.im out volunteering.door to door.get up and vote obama 4moreyears rt deathstarpr happy election day everyone. remember to make your vote count obamabiden2012 romneyryan2012 palpatinevade ..rt ajelive an ohio voter tell ajenglish s dparvaz that obama s idea are old and they don t work rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..happy election2012 city fan remember to vote and know your candidate s position on the art rt harikondabolu romney is the rich kid in school who ignores you until he need help. if he win do you think he ll still be nice to ..rt txrepublican unreal giant obama mural painted on wall inside philly polling place voteromney teaparty tcotrt ihoenation if you are a romney supporter please post a picture of your completed ballot show your support for romney rt amp spr ..gettin my vote on. election2012. everyvotecountshappy election day confirm your polling location grab some friend and vote barackobama  mittromney again not happy i received another vm on my cellphone. no i did not vote for you so stop calling me. and you have no new planin 5th grade i learned that an idiot is someone who doe not vote in public election today i am not an idiot..are you election2012 geekgirlweb who did you vote for obama2012 obama2012 even tho i m canadian woo barackobama psalmist_v i voted let me show you. proud voter obama  polling place are now open in all 50 states. electionday election2012 jack_aguilar rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt 1beautifulkarma he ha never wavered. he never never back down. he always step up. joebiden on watching barackobama work htt ..oh yeah i m voting for obama today let goo serioustweet vj_bobo hartonc15 govote and fundamentally restore the united states of america. vote romneyryan2012 today teamromneyrt itstycun __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama let s make ..its alright most republican aren t off work yet romneyryan2012go ohio let s show florida how real americans vote theheartofitall election2012 stayclassyoff to work at amc movie news then a meeting in hollywood and then headed to vote gonna be a productive day leggo election2012rt kayostylz go vote obamabitch as mittromney now u no u wanna b down wit u nigga now go vote obama fuck as nigga lolrt onlyonejmitch v ote o bama t his e lection if you are teamobama retweet this. if not keep scrolling. 4moreyears obama2012rt lexiebonjangels mittromney i hate you bitch i hope you don t winjust voted for barackobama rt iamcudii realest shit you ever tweeted rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebui ..rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt ashuntasheriff happy voting people it s nerve wracking enough we went through sandy i pray we will not go through 4 year of romn ..rt bishopwsthomas i plan to be up late tonight but i m planning to shout in the morning election2012rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012rt savage_syd mittromney va is a crucial state in this election your vote could make the difference. please get out and vote today. ..rt indyenigma thx zapata010 for rt re a ghost in benghazi dems gop lnyhbt p2 resist44 sgp tcot tlot ..course they can. no one has a job. rt barackobama if he can find the time to make call today so can you rt usahipster pledge of allegiance pic all have hand over hearts except obama vote romneyryan2012 .. antichrist running my country. obama 2012 obama forwardrt grahamzgotfeet __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama i offi ..lmao ig you got ball cause you behind dat screen watch ya mouth.. obama2012 gucci_renea envy_brame fuckyouu i m voting for regina george because she got hit by a bus. election2012all these people tweeting voteobama teamobama and obama2012 and not knowing shit about politics rt obamascare unreal obama mural inside polling place in philly. tcot romneyryan2012can t listen to xoamandaj12 talk about obama anymore might get outta this car and walk to mcc romneywalking to go vote with my gal. love that it s half a block away at the park. go out there and vote and let s keep barackobama in office.i voted barackobamart ijessewilliams there have been four woman appointed to the supreme court. president barackobama appointed two of them.if realdonaldtrump offered mittromney 5 mil for his record it wouldn t be a problem.. americans..smfhwow they make voting such a hassle.. election2012 devan_riley amp chandler1012 i want to retweet this so badly also. obama2012vintage ulysses s. grant presidential campaign booklet from 1872 reminds u the import of voting election2012oh well i ll wait to vote for romneyryan2012 a long a it takes.rt mtvbuzzworthy beyonce throw her support behind barackobama in heartfelt letter we throw ourselves on the ground weeping joy tear ..please let obama win i have a serious gra for himrt gdeuceswild got my sticker today voted.. romneyryan2012remember to go out and vote today election2012 kidsvotingrt globalpost . motherjones is mapping voter suppression and poll problem election2012thanks for watching morningexp live this morning from 6am-12pm. robinmeade is live again tomorrow talking about election2012  mittromney aw sure mitt i ll go vote for obama just to make sure you don t send this country into ruin just cast my vote for the greatest president this nation ha ever seen obamai hate obama romney mrdaveyd paradisegray jasiri_x excellent video as you can see the hood did come out to vote for obama2012. see occupythehood really hope barackobama get re-elected i personally wouldn t like someone like mitt romney running my country obama2012rt thehill head of united auto workers alleges dirty trick by mittromney camp in ohio by cmunozthehill craigglismann sevenvoices yes free speech is great. let them run their filthy mouth and turn off voter in droves. barackobama voter rt ap election watch diner in france offer the obama burger and the romney omelette election2012 -rasmy president ha told me for 5 year that he hate me. that is why ivotedforromney romneyryan2012 tcotrt jacobcharris i m going to get off of twitter before i get upset.. election2012polls are open officially in all 50 state election vote obama2012 obama wake up west coast go obama anndromney mittromney sshh watch president obama win obama2012rt edshow huffpostpol watch voting machine allegedly register obama vote a romney vote election2012 hmm.. although nothing with the romney tag attached to it can smell good. rt pinkpassionfla we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama way is the right wayrt gopblackchick i can t wait to vote shackle of barackobama incompetence off america by voting mittromney into wh.rt ap ap video voters in nj shore community cast ballot in a mobile station dubbed the vote-a-bago election2 .. pasandkat teapartynj download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012 barackobama russia vote for yourt itstycun __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama let s make ..rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 firsttimevoter s rt _sweetpurple first time voter 2012photos obama forward who is we rt gomittromney we built it obama broke it now it time for u to fix it americastrong teamromney romneyryan2012vote obama this election obama2012 electionrt __bearbear obama made it cheaper fa my mama to survive breast cancer.. amp she a survivor fuk yea i m voting obama2012 rt theylovekendrea if obama lose imma cry .rt realmreynolds rt sarahpompei clermont county oh ave 50 ballot per hour. normally 15 per hour. did i mention that s a big gop co ..rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt itstycun __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama let s make ..rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolrt _spacemanstu even the maury show is with obamart pjcuatrosantos mittromney with pennsylvania s help we are going to bring america back. please get out and vote romneyryan2012 .. mindof_amaniac7 stop puttin y all damn votes online .. obama aint gone win like dat .. they takin point away for tht shyt rt jengrunwald didn t get an i voted sticker here i made this for you election2012 captainamerica rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt tenstarpro v ote o bama t oday e veryone voteobama election2012rt callmemari__ rt ghost_noswag romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama  frostedfrakes everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012 haha yupprt fortuneate ralphtresvant i have a neice that thought her voice didn t matter..now after a little history lesson wewillrockthevote ..rt michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. ..waited 1 hour to vote. well worth the wait. vote people election2012i m voting for rommeyryan2012 because i can t afford 4 more year make a difference today and get to the poll election2012america - you a a nation have made some terrible mistake - you can now re do it all by voting for the right man obama2012o_o are d poll nw knust rt gen_mekusa jst voted obama just voted obama ftw  barackobama for president discounted cocktail when you display your i voted sticker at whoteldc election2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt united_ignited new black panthers back at the same 08 polling place in philadelphia forward or same via th ..if i were american i d vote for obama. presidentialelectionoppa barackobama you re the hottest president. saranghae  collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012 makenziebextenwatch the presidential candidates woo the monday night football crowd obama talk da bears amp romney s anti-doping. rt hmhodges_91 i guess if obama get president i need to change my major to something unrelated to healthcare.. romneyryan2012 obama2012 voted rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012just fucking get on with it election2012rt jengrunwald didn t get an i voted sticker here i made this for you election2012 captainamerica  anndromney mittromney will your friends n family be intimidated or stand n an 8hr line wait to vote like enfringed democratic votersrt reuterspictures a pizza restaurant attracts early morning voter a it double a a polling station for election2012 ..rt republicangop today we make a stand america- please standwithmitt because americadeservesbetter vote romneyryan2012 h_linville mittromney paulryanvp kurtbills reperikpaulsen thank you for standing up for america and our constitution  i really hope obama win this election .rt ap election watch president obama congratulates mitt romney on a spirited campaign election2012 -rasrt realdonaldtrump china is worried. the poll are trending for mittromney. they won t be able to steal from u anymore.rt richisglorious note this is a wsj news article not an editorial obamacare spurs a shift to part-time workers ..rt miguelcbs4 cbsmiami only sfl station to interview barackobama on election day defede cbs4vote rt virgotimes2 obama nation makesure your voice is heard..go vote today here we come a landslide for our mitt roaringlikealiontorescuemitt freedomsback lovefrocountry romneyryan2012  thecrewsfinest i voted for barackobama hbu fosho foshoi voted have you please retweet. election2012 govote rt miss_facetious imsickof waiting for the election2012 result obama2012clear eye full heart can t lose. romneyryan2012 ayostacie thanks for following obamai believe one s civic duty is to not only cast a vote but an educated one vote with your brain not your heart thinkbeforeyouvote romneyrt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012rt hcfpac rt if you proudly voted for a conservative today romneyryan gop tcotthis bitch is the reason why obama lost 3 . we the ppl have a chance 2 save america r american patriot forefather r looking dn on us 2day th day we begin again tcot tp catholic mittromney keep his pimp hand strong.rt sagesavant it s time to pray election election2012 tcot barackobama you are the best mittromney no one should vote for you you suck a a person and have no idea what ur doin hope you loose obama all the way faggot russpace23 i pray that we find out that romneyryan2012 win tonight.rt redostoneage obama loses endorsement of nation s first elected black governor chicago cnn tcot tlot sgp ..rt benstrahsburg retweet for romney2012. favorite for obama2012. lets see who win afternoon all.. obama2012..rt ofa_fl if you ve got time for lunch you ve got time to make 5 call for barackobama using our call tool. don t wait ..rt lakergangordie_ we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 4moreyearsrt blueclawsocial who s winning the presidential election in the world of social media election2012 romney obamart kdvr share this image if you voted today. copolitics election2012 vote2012 don t know where you re supposed to vote find out here election2012rt obamascare unreal obama mural inside polling place in philly. tcot romneyryan2012rt christiangirl44 vote wisely tons of informed teen myself included who would love to vote today romneyryan2012 electionday el ..rt bconsdr8 rt srichert49p shannonsteidl front page of ny post today lnyhbt tcot nevada virginiart eric_jotkoff university of florida gatorsforobama turning out in huge number to support barackobama voteobama students4obama h ..rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama if you re transgender amp anyone give you trouble at the poll just tell em biden s got yer back. joebiden barackobama lgbt votert paso24fan myvogue33_ey be proud to be in american vote mittromney lets keep our freedom and get an america back on her foot ..rt callmeshelbs_ when voting think about which candidate will bring our country back to the christian foundation it wa based on ro ..rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012baracking the vote today 4 more year for president obama obama2012 people are so ignorant they don t understand obama is closer to being a communist than romney will ever be. romneyryan2012 fireobamawhats different about mittromney and waynerooney badluckusa mittromney election2012 romney the romney obama hair swap meme lol please watch before you govote don t let mitt turn back time on women via youtube cher kathygriffin election2012rt audreynaxo kenlynn11 breaking my silence and holding tight to my beliefs. romneyryan2012 high fivekinda excited i get to be apart of history.. though i m not into politics obama know best rockthevote if you ve voted already today how long did you wait in line tweet us. election2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..if mitt romney win what the fuck is this world coming to obama2012rt marycclarke diannaagron already sent in my absentee ballot obama2012rt michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. ..in line voting and waiting obama change 2terms rap game homer simpson honking and flashing his headlight while yelling u-s-a u-s-a election2012just voted for the first time and i feel good obama2012 dear america vote barackobama yours sincerely the rest of the world rt exposeliberals boom romney take the lead in final michigan poll 47 to 46 tcot tlot sgp ocrart kendraleecook well obama took an early lead this mornin but that will change once all the republican get out of work later elec ..hope all you us folk are out there at the poll voting election2012rt mariahbopp but really everyone. don t vote for a liar. obama2012it s green v green today election2012rt _getl0w why vote for mittromney when he s old and will probably die soon though mittromney election2012 romney the romney obama hair swap meme lol rt blackstaremory why are you voting today election2012 let s do this. obama2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama  barackobama you will not win this election ya jackass romneyryan2012holy cow i have no idea who is going to win. election2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 mittromney election2012 romney the romney obama hair swap meme lol i wa ayoocriizz kissmy_ashlee just voted for the first time ivoteddidyou obama real hyped rt boss_baybee0216 __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama civic duty election2012 govote rt verifiedwhitney romney cannot win he don t give a fuck about us. vote for someone who do which is obama voteobama obama2012great voting experience with my auntie it wa her first time election2012 obama2012 obamacare myvoicemyvote urbanjibaro heard my tweet wa quoted in the new york times.. has any one seen this no but good job election2012 latinismyou do realize that showing ballot of who you vote for is illegal right election2012obama is playing basketball at home in chicago today. mittens is scrambling in ohio amp penn. i never liked mitten anyway. obama2012rt cara_papa this is why i love andieseymour election2012  shaheemreid leak words are power intro 504unit feat. barackobama via youtube wordsarepower coming rt  obama did have his own customized pair of newbalance. amp he play ball so you kno he got a few pair of j s. imjustsayindecisions are made by those who show up. - the west wing. apathy is a huge turn off. go vote vote2012 obama2012 forwardrt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012as our friend at logo and rupaul s drag race would say.. election2012 rt brycehamilton2 re-electing obama is like backing up the titanic and hitting the iceberg a second time romneyryan2012 nobamart indypolitico funny business in pa gop official booted black panthers return -- amp obama at polling site .. v ote o bama t this e lection teamobama obama rtrt _prettymikesha nigga posting romney like why are you voting for him what is he really gonna do for you ill wait good luck barackobama danny2breezy vote barackobama for president. he s good with kid thatisall american night baby obama2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012 mittromney election2012 romney the romney obama hair swap meme lol i d rather be in debt with human right than be rich with none. obama2012 eatshitmitt election2012 vote for who you want not who you been told to vote for. 2012election mitt romney doesn t want the nh hate gay and woman and barackobama like gay and woman and want nh barackobama to win  dan_fante_fans check for dan fante s article about us election election electionday election2012 mittromney election2012 romney the romney obama hair swap meme lol rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt tonio_blamgang barackobama if i vote for you .. you gotta listen to this -- gt  picstitch obama2012 vote even some republican know what it is if you haven t voted go vote obama2012rt nutellaonpussy i just want the right man in office. obamalol chiefbrody1984 romney v obama. the baby know. black panther have returned to philly voting sites..wait i though eric holder dismissed that case fail teapartyvotes tcot tlotrt nicoletogo sample of the bake sale goody tempting voter at tecumseh elementary democracyaction election2012 rt youngjfk pres. obama prolly ha mr_camron s i used to get it in ohio playing on his iphone today obamart omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..rt imthepain29 california voter please vote yes on prop 37 so we know whether we are eating gmos. election2012obama vs romney who will win obamart socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012im tired of seeing romney2012 trending like stfu juss wait till u see the damn thing tonight obama2012 cuz he know wa right  rt made_manslick obama2012 addictedtothecrew nov 14thrt iamshockru rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 rt yvettenbrown be forewarned. rt lheron posting a pic of your ballot on social medium in some state that s illegal. ..rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama  malikatika itsgabrielleu download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012turn up. romneyryan2012 sophiehauster barackobama technically no.  barackobama fatherdaughtertime at the polling place. votolatino vote obama2012rt huffingtonpost do the candidate care about the veteran vote election2012 if i wa american i d be getting to those poll and voting barackobama. forward canttrustromney betteramerica vote electiondayi m not old enough i m not even american but i want to vote for barack obama teamobama barackobamalol basically rt douchekingjames breaking fox news ha declared mitt romney the winner in election2012rt abc video preschoolers argue over whether romney or obama will win election2012 rt betseyross navy seals to confront black panthers at polling places ncpol p2 tcot msnbc cnn lnyhbtwell dont shop on black friday then rt b_4stel it s called the white house for a reason let keep it that way romney dontrenigrt kelzzone i like my president the way i like my coffee black and with a little cream obama2012rt feel_destweets i want to graduate from college.. that speaks for itself.. election2012he deserves to be in office until 2016 obama  collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012 yes  justvoted mittromney 8 hr left to fire obamaon the two occasion that cafc have played on the same night a a us election the republicans have won mw election2012 obamathe ratio of people going in to the building to people coming out seems to be 3-1. disconcerting. election2012while i don t fully buy into either candidate i cannot accept romney s stance on too many important issues. i m voting obama.kelly clarkson for obama uh honey you ain t republican. be honest and get a brain rpof tcot teapartyrt 1beautifulkarma he ha never wavered. he never never back down. he always step up. joebiden on watching barackobama work htt ..rt savanaahxo i m going to go ahead and apologize for all of my political tweet today. romneyryan2012 rt mysreesecup30 ezstreet my lil man wa telling people at the poll to check for barackobama priceless rt text_sex_next we ain t got no worries obama2012rt mr_10til9 i voted .make sure y all do the same .vote ..obama ..vote .obama ..vote .obama .vote .obama ..vote obama2012hoping obama ha a terrible week nobama2012 romneyryan2012rt cbitweets election2012 - the cbi s international director on the business challenge facing the next us president  lanamonteith ditto i m italian and i wish i could be in the us to vote barackobama voteobama2012 obamaforpresidentrt kerrywashington again ..please dont let the long line discourage you stay in line. for our future. and for hers forward obama ..rt ianstuart3 today is the day romneyryan2012 nobama5 thing you can do right now to help make sure barackobama win rt michelleobama today is the day we re-elect barackobama it s going to be a good one rt verifiedwhitney romney cannot win he don t give a fuck about us. vote for someone who do which is obama voteobama obama2012rt korrlynn hoping that america vote the right way obama2012 electiondayrt politicques every vote matters-ancestors have died amp been beaten 4us 2 have right 2 vote-stand in solidarity against gop vote ..rt tickedoffdem mt wcgirl1 1-866-ourvote to report voter suppression voting intimidation votolatino obama2012 demsi voted obama change democrat vote rt iilluminateyou i need all my followers to rt this dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known  newera_54 wasn t on the ballot so i wrote him in.. what we aren t voting for defensive rookie of the year oops bucnation election2012rt ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -rasrt withthetroops black panther vs. us_navyseals - who do you think will win tcot sot boratsagdiyevv do not vote for this mittromney he will ban porn. rt this message. this is an outrage courtneycummz tonybrunoshowinteresting prediction of an obama victory elections2012 rt naaschouston spelmancollege happy voting day spelman sisters election2012 electionday2012 spelmanwomenvotert johnfugelsang is your hatred for obama so blinding you re willing to vote for a man like this obama2012 p2rt adambarnesphoto we made the cover of the newyorktimes. election2012 va swingstate govote lynchburg rt diplo please go and support barackobama today..if he win the election i will dj your birthday partyrt yellowcougar if you have ever stood on line for gas a sale or the club you damn sure can stand on line to vote decision2012 f ..rt thehermancain wow rt caintv romney leading ohio early voting by 92 00 tcotwhen you go to vote in pa give the navy seals two thumb up romneyryan2012 cantafford4more benghazi 2ballss they ran out of ballot in clinton township michigan wow election2012 seriously please doyourpart vote2012 election2012a grand total of 0 of the americans i follow on here are voting for romney obamart fwforamerica bill nelson voted for obamacare tarp and the stimulus. rt to tell your friend bill nelson is bad for florida flse .. barackobama good luck the world is watching 2 c if america is dumb enough 2 slide in 2 fanatical religious leadership. cdnpoli tcotrt eric_jotkoff university of florida gatorsforobama turning out in huge number to support barackobama voteobama students4obama h ..as a proud citizen of the usa i just voted in my second presidential election election2012 pic  barackobama all my support from france  barackobama you will be defeated loser  dgjackson that s figure skater gold medalist scott hamilton in khaki pant navy sweater up front for romneyryan2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama my first time voting for a president .. obama2012 govote rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..rt boratsagdiyevv do not vote for this mittromney he will ban porn. retweet to spread this message.rt ranvirshorey good luck barackobama winrt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt l1ldebbie ppl still need reason to voteobama ok..womens right to choose gay equality immigration amp health reform nuff sai ..rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt slamonline nba player oft accused of being indifferent to politics have put their weight behind barackobama s campaign ..voting time romney prolifert deangelis89 i m writing in crooney45 for president i think the world would be a better place election2012paul mccartney and the band send a message of support for the us elections paulmccartney vote election2012rt twiloguy73 gaywars yes gay and i voted for romneyryan2012 my boyfriend s gay too and he voted for mitt. goproudrt _bobby_boucher_ obama romney bobby boucher election2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama i voted real hope for real change- romneyrt workaholicblake retweet for romney2012 favorite for obama2012 . lets see who win  bankingboy1 pretty sure what you think socialism is is in fact incorrect. obama is a neo-liberal so is romney - fact why put romneyryan2012 or obamabiden2012 that s just like showing the world your ballot shut your mouth loli put cash money mittromney didnt stand in the line w the 47 ..to vote .tht pig skipped line..he wouldnt dare stand w the commoner rt jarrodbcecil barack obama want to cancel all saved by the bell and friends reruns. romneyryan2012 election2012rt stevenertelt national right to life pro-lifers must vote for mitt romney romneyryan2012rt kqk2 open thread how wa your voting experience election2012 tcot jadorekelechi it s a beautiful day to vote for barack obama. forward obamayes i jus voted barackobamart usahipster navy seals billboard in tx another threat will be removed in november bye bye obama vote romne ..a vote for mitt romney is a vote for my continued oppression and discrimination in the eye of the law. obama2012 noh8 equalityforallwant to follow election2012 result live here s a great resource happy election day  redstate or bluestate .. every vote is important to romneyryan2012 .. we need bigwins both popular and electoral rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..this old ass bitch complainin bout the machine clicking on obama instead of romney 3 times clink clink bitch thats who needa vote fo obamart nanynka005 vote for obama he is better than romney teamobamart realdonaldtrump before you vote think obama want to raise tax mittromney want to lower taxes--need i say more rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012do you value moral and value cast your vote for romney voteobama romney obamart wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012it took bush 8 year to throw america down the drain and you expect him to fix the mess he made in only 4 year dumb af 4moreyears obamart elijahtjones there are some great poll worker and poll clerk here at south florence 1. flosc election20124 more year obama yaart l1ldebbie ppl still need reason to voteobama ok..womens right to choose gay equality immigration amp health reform nuff sai ..today i got to do what i couldn t do in 2008 vote for barackobama. polls close in 9 hours. go vote if yall want boosie free yall better go vote obamart i_btp barackobama you remember that time u had that cookout at the white house i never had so much free good un-burnt food in mylife rt khbheartbreaker mitt romney losing in massachusetts a state that he governed. why vote for him when his own people don t want him .. obama and romney both suck.. we need mamac in the white house somebody just shouted alright obamaa down the hall obama2012 barackobama my mama not feeling good today but she s still going to vote wegotyou electionday vwonder how many people are voting obama just because he s black rt lheron posting a pic of your ballot on social medium in some state that s illegal. election2012rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..me and mom firstvote obama2012 rt hollyann1680 well today is the day get out and vote romneyryan2012 rt xtiara_world obama all down my tlrt ronniejordan ppl are voting against their own interest just cause the pres. is black..if that ain t racist idont know what is.. ..today obama will get his standdown order from the american people.. united we stand  realcj10 2012 rt stlaurent35 romney or obama election2012 usart ryangop breitbart election judge wears obama hat in obama s home ward illegalelectioneering tcotrt itstycun __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama let s make ..rt xyandria clear eye full heart can t lose. romneyryan2012 electiondayrt keepit_w3tt obama 2012 leggo rt lukemitchell__ if i were american i d vote obama. presidentialelectionif ur not voting in this election don t complain later on about who win u ha ur chance to have ur voice heard teamobama election2012it s a chilly day please be kind to the elderly and disabled who are waiting in line election2012 bosvote j_garcia518 yes vote obama2012i voted obama2012 election2012rt brettdeannie tonight will be either a blessing or a nightmare amp the last four year have been a nightmare. romneyryan2012rt jenn_cougarchat best quote today.. i ve been waiting four long year for this sh romneyryan2012 romneycentral mittromneyrt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt preciousliberty deficit-to-gdp ratio reagan 4.2 bush sr. 4.2 clinton 0.5 bush jr. 2.7 obama 8.9 g ..rt afp americans flock to twitter on election day to prove they voted election2012 ingrahamangle scottkwalker not a fan either but we moved to tx a week ago and walkedoverglass to early vote in oh romneyryan2012today america say no to plutocracy oligarchy and autocracy we reject the notion that we are not our brother s keeper obama2012watch the line amp tell u how you ll end the poverty epidemic in our country mittromney. thelinemovie talkpovertyi will never make fun of florida again if they choose obamart shannonsteidl front page of ny post today lnyhbt romneyryan2012 it s not about race anymore..black or white..its about u versus them..them versus us..we versus they..vote for who actually care obamart shannonsteidl front page of ny post today lnyhbt romneyryan2012 rt agentm thank jengrunwald for making this i voted sticker featuring captainamerica election2012if romney win i swear to fucking god i will go ape shitrt michelleobama today is the day we re-elect barackobama it s going to be a good one rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012election jam obama2012 rt pink_kizzes blessed __bearbear obama made it cheaper fa my mama to survive breast cancer.. amp she a survivor fuk yea i m vo ..rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da .. zachbraff vote. guess i m convinced election2012it s 10am back in my former home of colorado - america hope you re making good choice obamabiden election2012rt reynoldsofa check out barackobama working the phone for gotv effort. join in rt shawtaysuzie my president is black .. politics is not about big money or power game it s about the improvement of people s life -paul wellstone election2012i wish i could vote.. obamawaited in line for an hour to vote. loved every minute of it. obama2012don t even know why i m keeping up with american politics. obama2012funny business in philly gop official booted black panthers return -- and obama at polling site fox news tcotmy tl is all about barackobama proud i like that.women you want your voice heard for the next four year make it heard today election2012 damn if i wa old enough amp lived in america i would have voted for obama. voteobama obama2012rt payneinsider 11 00am election day odds obama -440 romney 350. implies a 21.4 chance mitt becomes president.rt slamonline nba player oft accused of being indifferent to politics have put their weight behind barackobama s campaign .. britishgq barackobama please god let it be so rt geefunkgreg team obama election2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama i both a would kill to have this day over and b never want it to end. political junkies are an odd lot we. sigh obama2012we wait longer to ride a roller coaster get out and vote people romneyryan2012 gamerchik16 vice president joe biden making a surprise stop in cleveland oh today. election2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt tombradysego happy election day remember to make your vote count obamabiden2012 romneyryan2012 bradygronkowski2012rt eyeluv2laff rt whatsupdoc96 special forces and navy seals head to polls counter black panther presence tcotrt guardianus a page from our election2012 graphic novel my job is not to worry about those people. ..in 2008 we had nothing to lose amp everything to gain. in 2012 we have everything to lose amp nothing to gain. please go vote obama2012rt tombradysego breaking tony romo went to cast his ballot this morning and that got intercepted and return for a touchdown. electi ..rt cstechy hopefully america decides it want to keep moving forward today and reelects barackobama and joebiden fourmoreyearsrt southernfrat437 if romney win he said he will donate his salary to charity. if obama win he will donate yours. romneyryan2012rt jody_gillis please american friend vote smart and don t re-elect sopa supporters. election2012 election obama or romney more interest than police and crim.. rt jodikins84 rt. charisdakota let s paint the country red romneyryan2012 red electionday election2012 rock the vote - yeah rock the vote baby - rock the vote - yeah tip the vote over ..stfu tweety nowwithalex p2 tcot kscuba10 you mean election2012 rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpol wdasfm iamsteveharvey barackobama thanks for the retweet loves. i really appreciate it - happy 2012 election day cc mspattyjacksonrt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt bankrollmarkus romney v obama. the baby know. rt casanovarud ayostacie thanks for following obamathey actually don t allow spemkrats to run.. sorry yolo skwiddy election2012 is it too late to submit my name for candidacy rt gop reuters romney cast vote feel great about ohio gopmomentum tcotrt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012rt tenstarpro v ote o bama t oday e veryone voteobama election2012paint this baby red romneyryan2012 rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..rt prednour listening to fakedansavage while i walk to vote for barackobama .. glad to be back in the us of a ..this damn line ugh voting election2012 mittromney obamart ronniejordan ppl are voting against their own interest just cause the pres. is black..if that ain t racist idont know what is.. ..hope mr long legged mack daddy win obama a xo rt i_am_orion obama just got elected a the president of my tl .. rt _bobby_boucher_ obama romney bobby boucher election2012that s my political tweet of the day i m off to the poll to vote romneyryan2012rt chloelovesyou without obamacare my dad s surgery for his prostate cancer would ve bankrupted us. thank you barackobama for helpin ..they can push us but they can t beat us obama obama made some call from chicago campaign center. hi this is barack obama. oh yeah right. click i just voted for mittromney amp paulryanvp amp man did that feel good rt repubprobz go vote romneyryan2012them goddamn republicans. obama2012who sad that obama is losing obama vote2012 vote usa election2012rt campaignsosa300 my president is black .. barackobama today always be doing something just got nasty robocall from the catholics. here in wi only reps are still running nasty ads. dems only thanks for your vote ads. obamawatching the joe biden debate heputitdown on ryan malarky obama2012why isn t this a national holiday again obama2012yes i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom .. obama2012 voteobama happy election dayrt _theswendeller yu know it official when yu press that red button to cast your vote obama2012 fox napolitano the govt ha been redistributing wealth upwards for 30 yrs. haven t you noticed it wa supposed to trickle-down tcotrt mindof_amaniac7 stop puttin y all damn votes online .. obama aint gone win like dat .. they takin point away for tht shyt rt dailysimpsons sex now that i ve got your attention vote for bart govote election2012  election2012 voters in philly s ward 35 are being forced to cast their ballot next to this illegalelectioneering rt conservative_vw hey president barackobama we built it you broke it we ll fix it youre fired ..rt tremelvin dear mittromney fuck you. sincerely the 47 . voteobama rt tonibraxton know who your voting for.. obama handsome president barackobama if he can find the time to make call today so can you rt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. mort derehego_juanmo you ll be in jail for treason rt truelifeimquete if mittromney win i will b distributing lot of fuckromney s ..following the us election every day we can t vote here in the netherlands but my vote would go to barackobama. for sure yes you can  themydastouch thanks for following obama realdonaldtrump mittromney dmregister newyorkpost newyorkobserver nashuatelegraph go forward rt huffpostpol right-wing group barred from ohio polling station election2012i voted today for mittromney amp paulryanvoted obama2012rt alexthealan in case you forgot what to do today. vote for obama because romneyisnotanoption mitt romney gonna be like those baby momma on maury when he hears mitt you are not the president teamobama obama2012rt usahipster pledge of allegiance pic all have hand over hearts except obama vote romneyryan2012  irina_isf barackobama i hope so.. it look really close this election.rt jana_1977 pennsylvania you can be the state forever remembered a the one that saved americans amp our future please vote for ..rt esqpolitics election am in florida a line a machine a conspiracy election2012obligatory i voted pic. election2012 vote2012 swingstate buzz aldrin elementary as you vote remember it s not about individual candidate but about people who they listen to and ppl whose support they have election2012rt _tydavis wearing red today in support of the only american party. vote republican romneyryan2012 nobamaif obama loses we are truly and utterly fucked election2012rt real_or_truth mitt romney nervous like a baby daddy on maury waiting for them test result maury mitt you are not the president .. obama2012. lets do it again rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt ctbumgardner hug a campaign worker today. on second thought just hand them a xanax. that s probably more effective. election2012 ..banksy you are so clever obama2012 rt lheron posting a pic of your ballot on social medium in some state that s illegal. election2012 corrected  voteobama forward2012 obama forward i early voted - thinking about voting. if i do it s for obamart dhrxsol1234 you changed your clocks don t forget to change your president tcot p2 tlotrt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012just voted for mittromney so cool d go vote your voice matters unless you re for obama then stay home with your gov t welfare thanks this is s sign from mitt and god..it s time to vote roadtrip romneyryan2012 grovecitytime _emilylaffin danincrownrt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012if you re a woman amp you aren t voting obama2012 have fun popping out baby on baby on babies.rt mawgadistylist rt __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama rt dgjackson gov with his i voted sticker. romneyryan2012 rt agentm thank jengrunwald for making this i voted sticker featuring captainamerica election2012 socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012 votedthe game involves a shot every time you hear the word swing state represent election2012 natigirlprobzrt miss_facetious michelle obama is without a shred of doubt my personal favorite first lady. her fight for american youth is unmat ..voted waited 15 min 801 at bethesda elementary in waukesha. romney ryan2012 sykescharlie jayweber3rt sexyshasha_15 my president is black my twitter is blue. vote for obama what the f ck romney gonna do obama2012rt obamascare unreal obama mural inside polling place in philly. tcot romneyryan2012yay i did it obama rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt kbrownks2 mittromney keep his pimp hand strong.mitt romney losing in massachusetts a state that he governed. why vote for him when his own people don t want him forward obama2012 us_elections rt zztro if mittromney win lilboosie never getting out -__- us_elections being worried about an election you can t vote in. obama2012 us_elections so far look like ill be moving to canada election2012 problemswithamerica romney2012 us_elections rt bluegrasspundit on eve of election obama tweet follower and reminds them he got bin laden tcot gop us_elections i voted and sorry not for nick saban sorry jpair05 rolltide election2012 us_elections rt yungsteezie fucc u -- gt rt mittromney this is it. make sure you vote today. find your polling location us_elections rt bexargop it s electionday to find the location of your voting precinct click here bexargop election2012 .. us_elections say goodbye to woman right lady romney us_elections voting is like driving if you want to go backwards choose r .. if you want to go forward choose d voteobama election2012i m not a jackass. romneyryan2012for every minute of airtime fox news gave obama speech romney got seven fox s fair amp balanced p2 ows tcotdan rather my gut tells me it s gonna be a good day for romney video via huffpostmedia election2012watch the line amp tell u how you ll end the poverty epidemic in our country barackobama. thelinemovie talkpovertymy princess said go vote lol obama2012 rt delaney_hobson praying america make a good decision today romneyryan2012rt smim3 tonight we will determine if the saying once you go black you never go back is true or not. election2012rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolrt ere1968 i ve been saying it for month mittromney must win by larger than the margin of cheat obama please win we arab nation need you to. thirst22 you still a bitch nigga tho.. mittromney enough to fix all the mess from previous administrations. even thou i can t vote i support obama. i know his job it s not done yet.rt tombradysego happy election day remember to make your vote count obamabiden2012 romneyryan2012 bradygronkowski2012get out and vote today. particularly if you have a brain. that s all. nobama election2012 romney2012hey tweeps this polling place is asking for id..what do i do msnbc obamamade one big ass mistake america.. lets not make it 2. on the way to greenfield to vote. romney mittstitsi am not a us citizen. but i believe barackobama authentic leadership is the key to us economic revitalization. cheer you on sir rt usahipster human body chain of 25m unemployed americans who oppose obama is getting longer vote romneyryan2012  dessa_sampaioo barackobama download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012rt bexargop it s electionday to find the location of your voting precinct click here bexargop election2012 ..beefing it up because we got this.. voteobama election2012 obama scott brown says i m tired of gridlock. really joined 44 filibuster in his short term masen p2 mapoli tcotrt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt iamrashidajones ladies this is our election. don t take your rights for granted. old dude want to control your body w laws. don ..making it official. obama we need real change merica election2012 rommeyryan2012 johnwordballoon you have to admit they choose an odd time release that movie. vampire election2012 this seat is taken. and it s going to stay that way vote vote vote obama obama2012 rt kennedy_school it s a packed room for mmckinnon election discussion shorensteinctr election2012 iop2012 my mommy amp sister need to come get my grandma so they can vote already obama2012 teamobama teamobama2012rt pleasurablethad all college student should know who to vote for be real half of use cant afford college. obama2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama make sure your voice is heard today umwvotes election2012rt omgitsbeezybaby my president is black ... mittromney clinging to the hope that all of the poll are skewed biased and fraudulent. notwinningwow. yahoo s election2012 control room kudos hilella and teamrt brandieshavahn everyone get out and vote electionday2012 romneyryan2012rt djmilehigh my president is black obamart theylove_yc mitt romney wa born with money he doesn t know the struggle. barack obama understands american. teamobama obama2012 ..rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt bigmase75 bout to go vote cantafford4more letsgetit romneyryan2012 nobamai wish i wa in chicago right now. obama obama2012 obamafamilyisthere electionday2012 bidenrt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt _aprilsheerah repost i love this obama2012 oh good lord here we go again .. getittogetherflorida --rt channel1atlanta election2012 cont rt chiefbrody1984 romney v obama. the baby know. rt frankieboyle an exciting day for anyone interested in which of two very slightly different accent we hear war declared on iran el ..rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt oedonline fancy an electoral treat we record election cake election bun and election ale in the oed election2012rt theofficialkaya hey mittromney don t forget to voteobama  romneyryan2012 is not even a real thing. mitt just picked some dude with 3 of the same letter in his last name so it look cool.rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt moogieobrien women can be republicans. but a woman can t respect herself and vote romney.. good thing my vote hasn t changed sinc ..get the fukk up an vote - obamart dcc_courtney love the buzz of election2012 hoping it will inspire more americans to become educated amp participate keep our co ..mitt romney working that plane hard he just landed in ohio looking for vote distracting his own people from ground work lol tcot p2rt agentm thank jengrunwald for making this i voted sticker featuring captainamerica election2012rt huffpostpol right-wing group barred from ohio polling station election2012waited for 4 year for this day election2012 rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012suspense kills me..4real..my head is on 100..but i prayed for obama..the rest is in god s hands i cant wait for today to be overtook me le than 10 minute exercise your right obama2012 rt djprosper be careful to not fuck it up for barackobama teamobamai know our individual vote don t count for much--the fact that we can count for a lot election2012do you value moral and value cast your vote for romney voteobama romney obama dollarboyz yea u kno our name like barackobama we hope for change.. this.. stop by our leasing office today show your i voted sticker amp enter to win a 100 gift card election2012 ua  barackobama messina2012 stefcutter davidaxelrod why were gop poll worker forcibly removed from philly vote station bananarepublicvote for the mormon not the moron romney 2012rt _serenee hi mittromney dont forget to voteobama todayomg it just hit me how excited i am for election result tonight election2012 mittromney good luck to both party rt billybangg praying to god barackobama win this election. without his win i swear we are doomed rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama everybody go vote. vote obama rt gopblackchick i can t wait to vote shackle of barackobama incompetence off america by voting mittromney into wh.rt dalemurphy3 get out and vote people what a privilege. thankful 4 the chance to help choose our next pres. i voted for mittromney ..i call it for obama prediction obama 279 v 259 romney. who do you think will win us election2012 predicttheprez alex jones streaming live infowarsfeed click-to-listen tcot tlot constitutionrt usahipster fellow patriots please vote straight republican ballot today so romneyryan2012 will take the white house at 7pm et tc ..rt therepubleak johnfugelsang republicanswine rumcokepartyusa raulita arthuromeo have to view this an rt it best romney flip f .. obama2012 shame i cant vote for him lt 3 obama is honestly the better choice..but everyone think he will make you pay more in tax i don t think anyone is in that 3 paying morehappy to see people my age at the poll voting obama2012rt dgjackson gov with his i voted sticker. romneyryan2012 rt debramessing who are you voting for kayleighemilyxx obama a a woman who care about equal right equal pay health there ..really interesting interactive stats from brandwatch compare press v twitter mention of key us election2012 issue can we count on you to vote for romney to help u change america to a better direction rt preciousliberty ohio deficit wa 8 billion but thanks to gop gov kasich not obama it wa erased w out raising tax ..rt edgemagazinellc when they needed a bailout he gave them one. millions of job saved. obama2012 obama 2012 rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012don t listen to the medium patriot get ur bible out readpray elections2012 romneyryan12 lnyhbt tcot jesuslovesusrt famouskillake mitt romney losing in massachusetts a state that he governed. why vote for him when his own people don t want him ..do the bbc really need to send so many people to america for the election main news people maybe but newsround presenter election2012rt kqk2 open thread how wa your voting experience election2012 tcotrt acrusoejr romney v obama. the baby know. if you truely love an care about america vote romney. obama ha made u more vulnerable to attack and it s only going to get worse.rt lakergangordie_ we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 4moreyears voteobamathiselection obama2012 to obama2016 awesome video done by dollarboyz worlds largest entertainment company  obama given a national poll lead of 3 points. uselection2012rt feel_destweets i want to graduate from college.. that speaks for itself.. election2012rt raybeckerman rt ibbchris rt channel1atlanta election2012 malfunctioning machine reported throughout south florida .. obama is that nigga real talk bummrt usahipster yes gt gt gt navy seals attack obama with billboards in texas romneyryan2012 thehermancain and we re off have you voted yet tcot yep obama-biden thanks free reminding me herman cain  wyoming not sure wheretovote check out here go out and vote for freedom tcot romeny latino woman jobrt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt mtvbuzzworthy beyonce throw her support behind barackobama in heartfelt letter we throw ourselves on the ground weeping joy tear ..can we count on you to vote for romney to help u change america to a better direction big day today stop by one of our four location tell u you voted and receive 10 off any service election2012rt theofficialtate i hate the electoral college though. i feel like our vote would count more if it wa just a popular vote for presid ..just voted obama2012 .. did you i can t vote this year but i m still supporting my nigga obamart sergyy we need some republican in the office to fix the country romneyryan2012rt dearconnie election day cartoon seriously you should vote. if just so you can say this - election2012 gotvrt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt punishme_ romney v obama. the baby know. rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012rt letoyaluckett rt barackobama just a few vote could make the difference in this election grab a friend when you vote today. ..rt corrcomm detroit woman campaigning for obama punches voter in the face smacks cop trying to arrest her tco ..yo beebs justinbieber your canadian but you gonna get your us peep on board teamobama an voteobama barackobama.. freetimbits 4all rt jengrunwald didn t get an i voted sticker here i made this for you election2012 captainamerica paul mccartney urge us voter to support barack obama - video fixing to go vote for the first time. election2012done rt joebiden make sure everyone vote today hop on the phone and talk to voter in key state i have 2 vote 2day because my vote can really make a difference obama2012bustos schilling cast ballot election2012 cheribustos repschilling rt ap election watch president obama congratulates mitt romney on a spirited campaign election2012 -rasrt huffpostpol right-wing group barred from ohio polling station election2012watching the presidential myth buster seems fitting for today obama 2termzdone voting obama 4moreyearsjust got done standing in line 3 hour for barackobama.. it ll be worth it tonight forwardrt brandyourself if you were affected by hurricanesandy you can vote anywhere in new york there s no reason to not cast your ballot ..going to vote obama 2012 and.. voted _ election2012i wonder if america is like most girl now-a-days once you go black you don t go back obama hahahrt knight1510 polls are packed here on the central coast of california praying for elizabethemken amp mittromney  election2012 ya ll get out there vote obama rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012rt jengrunwald didn t get an i voted sticker here i made this for you election2012 captainamerica if you haven t already get out amp amp vote today obamart mindof_amaniac7 stop puttin y all damn votes online .. obama aint gone win like dat .. they takin point away for tht shyt  voted obama2012 two week ago by absentee ballot.finally voted obamajust voted for my main squeeze barackobama four more year please  barackobama must win  barackobama this wisconsin resident voted for you wecannotgiveuponchangenowrt aj_dior lhfh smh people so stupid it s still team obama if your voting. based of the color of skin make you dumb a heck election2012many business offer election day discount but some of those deal may actually be illegal mivote election2012let me get my as up and go vote for my nigga obamart munhengawenungu to america obama support shabanie mine fc..romney doesn t support football.never trust a man who doesn t support f ..rt huffpostpol right-wing group barred from ohio polling station election2012watching democracynow on voter suppression. just awful. election2012 obama is the win obama suerte of the spainrt fergie i have made my choice. my hope is 4 president barackobama 2 get reelected amp get more time 2 turn this country around. ..vote for obama people pleaseyou have my vote jill stein. election2012 vote jkbirthday is tomorrow..better wake up with barackobama a president.. 4moreyears rt sweet_lou31 today is the day romneyryan2012 election2012 bitchplease we care more about pakistan and the problem we have. solution -- gt imrankhan revolution zindabad. ptirt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..voted obama2012 findingnimesh mittromney in a few more hour he ll also be kicking off his run for 2016 so don t get too cheerfulrt demarko_gage barack obama support food stamp first of the month check health care gay people with no job unemployment. ..fired up obama2012rt diplo please go and support barackobama today..if he win the election i will dj your birthday party barackobama comme on a dit bro rt huffpostpol watch voting machine allegedly register obama vote a romney vote election2012i ll be very disappointed if obama doesn t win.rt mikehudema dear america please don t fuck it up like we did. signed canada. election2012 elxn2012 votert bankrollmarkus romney v obama. the baby know.  mittromney praying for victoryrt rbpundit okay. going to swing by chick-fil-a get lunch and then go vote for romneyryan2012 george allen and frank wolf. foram ..took my orange beach alabama sticker of my car because people thought it stood for obama .. romneyryan2012 electionday2012will potus move back to greenwood ave. in chicago or return to the white house election2012 mivote detnews rt merriaamm the nigga always win . obama mittromney im from wisconsin but obama is better so sorryvote for anyone but banker crony obama and romney - vote human vote barr libertarian green whatever. election2012rt lindseynwhite y all get out and vote today romneyryan2012 mercia rt verifiedwhitney romney cannot win he don t give a fuck about us. vote for someone who do which is obama voteobama obama2012rt sree useful for election night how the election will be called by wsj s carlbialik election2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt theroot247 are you having problem voting tweet u at therootvote and tell u what s happening. election election2012rt pudingtane o spent 1million dollar on one state dinner. what the hell did they eat romneyryan2012 tcoti m voting for regina george bc she got hit by a bus election2012wesley bryan for president everybody. electionday election20121 nigga really thought he was goin 2 see obama llf tragic obama we need u anotha 4 years we still need sum work..rt tprestonhill prediction obama take a slight lead early on but romney close and win a all his supporter get off work and go v ..rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012 defede with barackobama tonight on cbsmiami at 5 00 and 6 00 vote - bonniecbs4oh. this will work. rt __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt stupidboomers my company just laid off 200 people this week-mostly due to obama-care medical device tax tcot theblaze wsj teapa ..rt mrstayflyy romney s slogan keep america american wa the same slogan used by the kk in 1922 enoughsaid obama2012rt psycho_missus hawl mittromney getrealjackazz biden hope to bcome pres in 2016. obama to bcome vp then switch again. powerhungry dems learn from putin. tcot romney barackobama in europe tonight will be a very long night.. donniewahlberg if i could write you in for president i so would townhall lol but instead i am choosing obamaseems like the electronic voting machine are undecided a well. some fail for obama and some fail for romney election2012rt tylerjmccall if new yorkers can vote using flashlight in tent set up where their home once stood you can get out amp vote in ..it s just after midday. i ve voted chree time already. vote early vote often four more year obama2012 lexiejf obama also like little boy romneyryan2012polls in florida make another floridarecount likely. however barackobama doesn t need it to win re-election.confused about obama amp romney you need more candidate options vote here gt fblets keep the rich rich and the poor poor romneyryan2012great how everyones going voteobama and obama2012..notice how nothing is said about mitt.. stop posting votes online cause its illegal an obama just lost 3 of his votes dumbasspeoplert wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012naw..this celebration gonna last obama rt nikade3 would it be tacky to get my stiletto nail red white and blue today rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama today is the day to prove cast your political stance. get out and vote election2012 voteease his pain-the emptychair want someone else to warm the cushion amp defend this nation.the past-presidents thank you tcot mittromneyvoting for romney is like re-electing bush. obama2012 forward mittromney please find the nearest bridge in jump. mccain wa better then yo crazy ass.. team obamagood electoral college graphic from the financial times uselection obama2012 go vote if dead capital music band can rise from the grave to do it so can you election2012rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpoleveryone vote for prettyboybenyam aka barackobamakeep fight mr barackobama..pray from indonesian people win over and over again..salamrt gabby_hoffman who s excited to defeat obamunism rt if you re voting or have voted for romneyryan2012 tcotthere should be a romney only lane at the polls.rt bfowler979290 defendpaulryan rt if you voted romneyryan2012 today loveofcountry tcot rt diamonddiploma happy election day may the handsome man with the five gorgeous son win romneyryan2012typicall. obama s playing ball while romney work for our country. romneyryan2012 tcot lnyhbtrt mozi_n lilly ledbetter s message to mitt romney at dnc2012 7 fb 5rt hellotrillkitty this is a little funny bankrollmarkus romney v obama. the baby know. rt adamfetcherofa check out barackobama working the phone for gotv effort. join in rt marsha_thomason i wa so excited to be voting in the u.s. for the first time this election. sent my ballot in 2 week ago. go vote ..rt ajelive follow online mention of obama and romney with ajenglish s new interactive on social medium mention happy election dayy. nobama romneythe last democratic president before barackobama rt fun in 1993 the u.s. government spent 277 00 on pickle research . romney2012if i don t vote now then i know i am going to cry later obama linetovote needtotakeashit reallycold p rt notrichnotbroke you not sittn yo baldhead as in the whitehouse mittromneyrt mtvnews beyhive what do you think about beyonce s stirring letter to barackobama dear god americans i hope you made the right decision. for the better of the world. obama2012rt jjauthor i am not racist- i don t like joe biden harry reid or nancy pelosi either i love sowell williams west cain amp mia ..rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt j_neely retweetthis if you feel me obama rt robdelaney i wa considering voting for mittromney but then i remembered i entered the world through a vagina.rt tombradysego breaking tony romo went to cast his ballot this morning and that got intercepted and return for a touchdown. electi ..rt usahipster my president ha told me for 5 year that he hate me. that is why ivotedforromney romneyryan2012 tcotrt moniquejackson voting will change your life but more importantly not voting will change your life obama2012rt betseyross democrats for romney clear eyes full hearts video tcot p2 ncpol lnyhbt msnbc cnnif you voting for obama then check out my link support spread salute rt dansden remember don t boo gop intimidators in poll lines take a pic of them on phone cam amp send it to dept of justice just voted romneyryan2012 rt sallycat63 come on america do the right thing obama sunnyymonroe barackthevote wehavehisback rockthevote2012 election2012 -- gt gt u know what to say baby girl rt pearly2004 obama cry on stage last night made me sick the ultimate in narcissism while ppl w real tear cry over sandy oh ..rt ihoenation if you are a romney supporter please post a picture of your completed ballot show your support for romney rt amp spr .. newsninja2012 good one you know if the kk wud be there barackobama wud be on them like stink on shit. fingersflying romneycentralrt autocorrects retweet for obama2012 favorite for romney2012 .rt latinosforobama from doubling funding for pell grants to fighting for affordable health care barackobama s earned the big student ..tonight twitter will be full of hashtag of obama and romney . rt pjvspatjones how the fck obama loss 600 vote already from ig so he losing by 3 . so 3 of the us equal 600 ppl.. yallstupidaf. rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known me amp my roommate teamobama obama2012 rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..rt patriotairborne is life so dear or peace so sweet a to be purchased at the price of chain and slavery give me liberty or give me ..rt tichinaarnold hey 1st time voters whether u voted 4 obama or romney 2day wht really matter is tht u voted ur officialy a .. ..rt martianmarley23 mitt romney losing in massachusetts a state that he governed. why vote for him when his own people don t want him ..rt lvking mitt romney is going to close popeye s amp burger king obama2012if mitt romney win..im not even go entertain that dumb as thought obamacnn s election day animation is almost identical to iron chef america. shitsintense election2012rt lukemitchell__ if i were american i d vote obama. presidentialelectionrt gop philadelphia polling place puts voting booths next to obama mural tcotrt hannahhastie stand up for our israel unborn baby and small business tomorrow at the poll romneyryan2012 proud to say i voted nov 6th 2012 2 terms obama  pinkbesosllc macsleepy he is watch him sing haha whitestwhiteman election2012 romney votert tomdavinsays once you go black.. obama2012rt chiefbrody1984 romney v obama. the baby know. rt sammyfreebird can t vote but obama2012voting in our mock election just make me more sad that missed voting by le than a week amberno16 election2012 voteobamagoing to be long night of tweeting. facebook friend brace yourself election2012 americadecides mittromney do you know what ramen noodle taste like rt justwin500 hamiltonanthony reagangomez i voted for the guy with the coolest walk. election2012 obama2012 gary johnson and ron paul supporter need to do the right thing and vote for romneyryan2012 and help save our country rt africanoboi please barackobama u got my vote these dms are ridiculous lolif it a tiebreak between obama amp romney .. will they have a dance off my money is on obama he s handsome voteobama mittromney ur name rhyme with shit lol lol lol barackobama if i wa american i would vote for you hots spot for election2012 drink special in philly rt chuckson_myfeet romney v obama. the baby know. lml rt scottoncapecod dailycaller gotta love the new york post.. lnyhbt romneyryan gopnot trynna her no bullshit. we team obama over here rt martianmarley23 mitt romney losing in massachusetts a state that he governed. why vote for him when his own people don t want him ..ready voteobama election2012 rt itsgabrielleu obama2012 rt dwyanewade florida let s be the difference..don t let long line s stop you from voting..rt clemsoncameron just remember without a strong middle class america will eventually become a third world country. lastelectiontwe .. snazzyjd mrcalmndabooth iamnathangarber shit up pussy romneyryan2012 gohomenigs rt tweetqueen_rl i just want obama to win. obama2012rt raybeckerman rt ibbchris rt channel1atlanta election2012 malfunctioning machine reported throughout south florida .. daniblondiee don t worry. i don t think he ll do it. i m sure of it. obama2012rt cj31016 the coverage of election2012 on bing is just excellent. check it out bingelectionsfired up obama2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama  barackobama ive been hearing that our vote really doe not count. only electorial vote count. is this true how doe that work rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt shauni_monroe obama rate dropped 3 u can not take pictures at the booth of who u voted for thts a law dnt u be the reason oba ..obamanos obama vote obamasgot99problemsbutmittaintone the mission here s the truth about barackobama rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama  mittromney donert redcafe today it s all about letting your voice be heard. vote vote vote. obama y all hoe go vote obama bitch rumy_l tsek_bastard download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama if america vote romney the world should ask the usa to leaveat my polling place in a loong line. govote romneyryan2012rt wizsdealer all the uk trends are for obama haha voteobama teamobama obama2012happy election day tweeps either way just go and vote govote election2012 i will tweet a pic of b and i voting w grandpa later rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012i voted romneyryan2012rt lissyy22 why do you wanna be equal with everyone if you work hard you get what you deserve. stop trying to live off the government ..i m not a racist i don t like biden either.. romneyryan2012in line to vote first time i hope obama win but no offense to romney to love to you both good luck. i voted today. did you obama2012 paulryanvp our better tomorrow is almost here rt tommyfromatown this should tell you something.. obama take the day off while romney keep working til the end. romney wont st ..wish i wa in ohio uselection obamagot my vote in obamaseeing everyone here waiting online to vote is amazing proud to be an american vote2012 romneyryan2012 romney romney romney romney . lmaort thirst22 you still a bitch nigga tho.. mittromneyrt pari_passu too bad the gop isn t promoting free and fair election in the u.s. like they did in iraq. p2 p21 tcot obama2012lmao rt amon_ra_ so you couldn t tell cat you were tryna hoop today barackobama ..c mon sonrt exposeliberals boom romney take the lead in final michigan poll 47 to 46 tcot tlot sgp ocrart yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt caittandrews why vote today you can just tell who is gonna win by who s trending more on twitter voteobama obama2012 ..and non ..all u will see today. obama rt tim_auger nikkihaley this georgia voter is a fan of nikki haley clear eye full heart can t lose. voteforamerica romneyrya ..rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama the line wa out the door for the voting booth at the coop this morning. so happy to see people voting gotv election2012 austinrt britishgq his re-election is not inevitable but barackobama is on course for 4 more year election2012 let s go america make our military proud romneyryan2012goodmorning loves.. get up get out and vote obama2012rt fillthechair the dow is happy happy happy. investors have a good feeling that romney is being elected today. tcot ccot gop ..no matter what the outcome amp our difference are it s important that we look ahead amp face the dawn of our tomorrow together. election2012it s never too late 2 help a friend realize they made a mistake tcot reince romneyryan2012 obama election vote - election result map.. who else is going to have this up all day romneyryan2012 teamromney tcot rtdnews finished voting at 11 52 am at chesterfield 508 precinct so almost an hour. rvavotes election2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt lukemitchell__ if i were american i d vote obama. presidentialelectionrt therock before i vote - final question.. who wake up first and start kickin as before sunrise mittromney or barackobama cincit s pretty cool to see all these people here to make their voice heard romneyryan2012 mericart edbaker300 patriots we must all hang together or we will surely hang separately tcot mittromney hopefully win the election ticketmaster patriots of course gotta show my spirit election2012when you are heading to the voting booth today remember to keep calm and vote romney. romneyryan2012 rt kylejhutchinson obama is probably winning right now only cuz the low life s that don t have job are voting. wait til we all get ou ..rt dhall_4 romney keep his hat on during the national anthem obama2012rt soliemonster21 q why can t mitt romney screw in a light bulb a because he can t decide which way to turn. obama2012rt lukemitchell__ if i were american i d vote obama. presidentialelectionteam barackobama get out and vote for my man obama today hopefully i won t have to change my twitter name too brock_mitt after the election barackobamafinally.. someone show that intelligent people still exist. thank god. election2012 quitabusingyourwelf the bigger picture concerning the elections today. potus romney lds mormon obama and i will be glued to my tv obama2012americans be brilliant. if not you can have one of ours we have two. obama.cannot focus on studying for the exam i have in 5 hours.. electionday romneyryan2012the first result are out - obama and romney tie in dixvillenotch with 5 vote each.rt chromeo funk the vote obamart yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt im_dashing today wa my second time voting in the presidential election. it felt good. obama2012 if i could vote. it would definitely go to obama election2012rt dillyswavey lmao yeah mitt romney told people to barrow money from their fam and parent to pay for college my fam is barrowing mo .. barackobama i got you pres everything is everything on our endrt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt samfinebeauty rt michelleobama today is the day we re-elect barackobama it s going to be a good one  rt iam_mrturner sayy all my collegestudents if romney wind u kan kiss them refund goodbye make your voice heard. vote obama2012cancelled class and now just a 1 minute class werd romneyryan2012this is a cant miss an examination of the obama 2008 campaign and the 2012 one look at the difference obama fail rt gayleforman vote your conscience vote your wallet vote your uterus vote your civil right vote your future vote your child ..you have two choice vote for the candidate who will do nothing for you or the candidate who will f you over. election2012 uspolirt iamcudii realest shit you ever tweeted rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebui .. obama2012. that is allrt chiefbrody1984 romney v obama. the baby know. rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 twingals i m soo nervous on my way out to vote obama2012strange polling problems reported in northern virginia - tcotrt teddyr23 i just voted team obama truestory rt rwwatchma scott brown says i m tired of gridlock. really joined 44 filibuster in his short term masen p2 .. election2012 the world hold it breath.rt magicjohnson busy morning - did 6 radio interview in battleground state talking about barackobama amp cjbycookie just got fin ..the people of ma love romney so much they voted for obama when you hear romney is only for the rich. you know you are dealing with a low information voter. p2 tcot hopelessi voted obama e. o. green school rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt sexiileecee now you kno who maury vote n for lt lt lt lt lt lt lt lt obama election2012 - chicago - barack obama s home town.. the poll neck-and-neck with obama seemingly leading in crucial swing states nowwithalex there is so much on the line here election2012voter 276 in my precinct barackobama ohio obama we need that. rt adobe happy electionday here s some election2012 creative design and webdev project guaranteed to entertain rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt campaign_meisha in 2008 we had nothing to lose amp everything to gain. in 2012 we have everything to lose amp nothing to gain .. 430rhonda gotta love the new york post.. lnyhbt romneyryan goprt royalchoc iamstuntdaily then you and your hood nigga need to vote for somebody who does. obamart lukemitchell__ if i were american i d vote obama. presidentialelectionman u gotta opportunity to make history so lets make it obama2012i kno evrybody 18 amp over need to be votin th mornin obama2012 noelclarke i would vote obama because he s a don. wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 performing my civic duty a uaw committee man. don t talk about it be about it. rockthevote2012 obama hey u u n u get up n go vote n stop takin them damn pic too obama i voted for barackobama obama2012 ohioan s go vote if you need a transportation let me know rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..rt irresistibledee romneys dad ran for president in 68 amp didn t make. lets let history repeat it self noromney obama2012 2termsjust voted for obama and all dems vote republicans amp tcot out of office. let s win it - rt mittromney pennsylvania is a crucial state in this election amp your vote could make the difference. please get out and vote toda ..rt jf_radiohour remember in nc mittromney patmccrorync danforestnc and newby4court ncpol ncgoprt the_hoo if you can t vote just shut the fuck up about politics frfr electionday election2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama  tschnegg go vote obamajust one more obama post for all you faggot if obama is the answer how stupid is the question facts romneyryan2012 alaska not sure wheretovote check out here go out and vote for freedom tcot romeny latino woman jobrt endless_sommers i like and respect woman i also want equal right for all. so why the hell would i ever vote for r-money the bigot ..hey nj if voting line are getting longer gas line must be getting shorter - gt go vote then go fill up election2012unions say romney will pay price for labor fights in wisconsin amp ohio 1u evanmc_stoo pretty to be that dumb rt realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan2012 vote2012 votehappy election day please go out and vote election2012rt _bobby_boucher_ obama romney bobby boucher election2012mailed in my ballot last week. gobama election2012the obnoxious amount of swing state this year make me nervous romneyryan2012rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt harrietbaldwin flashback pa senator bob casey voted to continue funding acorn via breitbartnews tcot teapa ..rt devalpatrick voted in milton for barackobama and elizabethforma. where are you voting today the american dream is at stake. mavotert alyssacastillo_ all i know is that america better fucking pull through tonight otherwise this society will be shit. obama2012 rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt deanm22gk obama and romney both suck.. we need mamac in the white house rt rabidrobot yes virginia i used this cliche c mon va obama2012 govote you can put this thing in the bag why let ohio or col ..hope obama win haha obama2012 littlelengies obama2012 right rt romanekj i voted have you please retweet. election2012 govote rt rockbotgirl obama2012 forward2012 rock2vote voting at church rt famueltweetin thehermancain and we re off have you voted yet tcot yep obama-biden thanks free remindi ..rt gracieeriley if he s only hurt u amp the economy during his 4 year what make any of you think he ll do anything better with a ..getting ready vote election2012 rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election20121 tiny drop of water isn t much at all. but a million tiny drop will overflow the bucket. your vote doe count. be heard today. obamart sgbz rt oldivory oregon election worker fired for altering ballot to republican straight ticket p2 tcot rt defendpaulryan rt if you voted romneyryan2012 today loveofcountry tcotrt hgresham i voted you should too obama2012 barackobama shondarhimes rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama the ten most memorable tweets of election2012 via thinkprogress deartwitterrt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known rt molicious212 obama for president rtif you want obama presidentrt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolrt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama guess i gotta get myself out there and vote.. obamazz rt camdashit showing my ballot bruh election2012 i want obama to win.. but i have a feeling he s going to lose election2012you guy i m having voter suppression ballot-machine rigging anxiety. i ll be in the corner of my office in the fetal position. obama2012 msnlcoleman now following obama2012 election2012 - chicago - barack obama s home town.. the poll neck-and-neck with obama seemingly leading in crucial swing states rt ap election watch pregnant chicago woman doesn t let being in labor stop her from voting election2012 -rasrt savvyb14 barackobama - hey mitt romney. i dont see how you can hate from outside of the white house..you can even get in hahah ..rt usahipster never forget. obama gave order for military to stand down and let ambassador stevens and others die romneyryan2012 htt ..rt mitchpleease first vice president with the last name ryan romneyryan2012 get out and vote democrats for romney democrats for mitt romney election2012 vote2012 voteresponsibly vote voteforchangert anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama  jesusem914 nopee obama is  election2012 my polling place in n out 10 mins. shld be like that for everyone obama2012 california pls vote rt fuckdaniel7 i hope everyone else vote obama2012 rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..snow and romneyryan2012 going to be a good day dear america- when you vote today remember we re going into the future. not fifty year into the past. obama2012rt barry_o44 dont worry vin_noto ceo of fema is shootin hoop today so no fly bys while you still got no power or gas gp fraudward ..rt geezlouisee workthatpoll obama2012 go out and vote no excuse . make a difference and move forward be sure to stay with abc amp wggbspringfield all day night and tomorrow morning for the best in election2012 coverage yourvotert asialexiaa i m so pumped for today . obama2012vote.. romney ryan tcot teaparyy rt shannonsteidl front page of ny post today lnyhbt romneyryan2012 rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama this is cool news video photo and more in the yahoonews election control room election2012 sadly the campaign for for potus 2016 will start at 6am tomorrow. electionday election2012because i m inundated with political tripe on my tl i m staying in my mention today. notafuckisgiven about election2012.rt ihoenation if you are a romney supporter please post a picture of your completed ballot show your support for romney rt amp spr ..rt michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. ..rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolrt eastersealswa rt easter_seals national council on disability want to hear about your voting experience election2012 ..it s not a choice it s a necessity.. obama2012 my precinct is better than your precinct. election2012rt btoocold87 why u don t want me ta have dis bruh mittromney rt mtvbuzzworthy beyonce throw her support behind barackobama in heartfelt letter we throw ourselves on the ground weeping joy tear ..four hour in at my polling station and we already have over 600 vote turned in. election2012rt dgjackson another shot of the romney s voting. romneyryan2012 rt att via attbusiness use a smartphone to vote why 58 of college student would cast a mobilevote election2012i voted my mark ha been made and my vote counted. let your voice be heard rockthevote obama 4moreyears what s stephanie cutter s post election career mom jeans model kate goslen stylist michael moore movie writer mitt2012 efmittamerica all eye on you now.. election2012rt thehill head of united auto workers alleges dirty trick by mittromney camp in ohio by cmunozthehillyou can count on ogontz all stars we ve got his back . ofa_ny ofa_pa obama2012 ofa_nc want to check out iowa s voting history go here.. sweet site iowa swingstate election2012rt _emcc_so_loud_ my president is black. ..rt mlnow have you voted send u picture of yourself at your polling place missiondistrict election2012rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012if i could have voted it would be obama for sure. obama 2012 just voted romneyryan2012rt bankrollmarkus romney v obama. the baby know. rt sarahdanger8 royston55 barackobama keep trying he may do although i think right now he s got a lot going on but i d keep peru ..rt dollarboyz voteobamathiselection obama2012 to obama2016 awesome video done by dollarboyz worlds largest entertainment company ..just voted now it s ur turn to go and exercise ur duty election2012 obama2012 go mitt beat barack romneyryan2012 electiondayamericans dont need four more year of our country getting ruined. voterepublican romneyryan2012an ohio auto union leader tell aje s scottheidler a romney presidency would mean an attack on labour rt obamascare unreal obama mural inside polling place in philly. tcot romneyryan2012rt jamal_sims retweet if you want obama to winrt mandalove89 so happy to see barackobama all over my facebook amp instagram obama2012 lets get it 4more barackobama ob ..i am wearing a red shirt to go vote and a lady ask me who you voting for i wa like romney of course n she gave that face lolrt bethalma so romney is out rallying amp obama is sitting at home.. just show you who want to work harder for our country. vo ..shut the fuck up realdonaldtrump before you vote think obama want to raise tax mittromney want to lower taxes--need i say more feed the poor not the war. obama2012 westjournalism black panthers at same philadelphia polling station tcot aboutrc barackobama did you hear all the problem the truncated early voting hour caused even texas didn t go that far. thx 4 voting rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt usa_truth neither george bush nor ron paul are on the ballot. a vote for gary johnson is a vote for barack obama romneyryan2012.rt chiefbrody1984 romney v obama. the baby know.  barackobama good luck from russiathese kid are sitting here actin like they know whats goin on politcaly. they dont know how stupid they sound. romneyryan2012 __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama  gretawire gotta love the new york post.. lnyhbt romneyryan goprt ihoenation if you are a romney supporter please post a picture of your completed ballot show your support for romney rt amp spr ..let s go vote everyone electionday obama2012 voting at fontainebleau milton rental apt rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da .. romneyryan2012 in my prayer right now.today obama vs. romney let hope us get this one right politicstime dont be blindsided be informed. 4 more year obama2012 noelclarke if you were are american. who would re you vote voting for obama2012 rt balleveryday_11 man vote today cause our mfkin life depends on it obamavote obama please i can t loose my food stamps .i voted did you election2012 make the best choicethe proof is there people. we ve come so far since 2008 and the future is looking good. let go forward not backwards obama2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama vote for who you want not what others tell you vote for. anyways the government doe what it to do election2012rt dgjackson gov working on tonight s speech on the plane a we fly to ohio. romneyryan2012 rt samueltwood america don t be fuckwits. obama2012just finished puttin my vote in obamart usahipster navy seals billboard in tx another threat will be removed in november bye bye obama vote romne ..rt hootsuite obama or romney check out hootsuite s election tracker for live social medium result election2012 leigha_n_jayde idesire_more download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012rt brittanynoble congrats to my little bro jaredbarnes04 he s finally old enough to vote firsttimevoter election2012rt uloveem_idougem done w all the election talk. i just hope obama win. but if we lose.. i call da spot n the cotton f .. trevorstjohn barackobama thank you for tweeting that rt ashleybellr watch the moment romneyryan2012 blacks4romney renakare11 well janashortal we ve got pretty artwork at my polling place mnvote awesome. election2012rt _daniel_tosh retweet for obama2012 favorite for romney2012 . lets see who win rt teammtaurus_ __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt defendpaulryan rt if you voted romneyryan2012 today loveofcountry tcotobama supporter punch romney supporter in the face. tcotgetting my vote on election2012happy election day obama2012 govote voteobamart patchtweet tune in to huffpostlive for instant election2012 update including check-in with patch. rt exposeliberals romney leading in bellwether ohio county new hampshire towns obama won in 08 tcot tlot sgp ..rt foxnews is it time to get rid of the electoral college election2012  barackobama the all dem option on the touch screen ballot is making it easy to skip your vote it can cost the election rt usahipster roflmao pic obama obamacare emc pickup trucks in austin texas bush sign on window vote romneyryan2012 ..in missouri you can t bring election material within 25 foot of a polling place.. what am i going to do with my election2012 mankrt savagenews nbc s savannah guthrie sees hurricane sandy a sent seemingly from above to help obama get re-elected w.. .. stpaulgal49 i voted early. i m a little distressed right now because there is no record of mine or my husband s early vote online. obama..fly the national guard in and make them parachute and rope down in inglewood.. guarantee they re more intimidating than cpd obama2012rt vadum nevada voter fraud law upheld acorn conviction sustained via breitbartnews tcot p2rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012 benzelevansky so he changed his mind again. after that 3rd debate he wa certain he wa voting obama2012rt chicagomadesean rt barackobama i been thuggin for my team hoe. rt joebiden obama where you been rt easter_seals the national council on disability want to hear about your voting experience election2012 via ..rt rickirenaj rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt robertlreid3 mt sarahpompei clermont county ohio ave 50 ballot per hr. normally 15 per hr. did i mention that s a big gop coun .. barackobama may the odds be so ever in your favor. vote voteobama election2012 obama2012rt ecthayer absentee ballot pro no driving no lines. absentee ballot con no i voted sticker. election2012rt betseyross fraud obama mural in philadelphia polling place ncpol p2 lnyhbt msnbc cnn abc cbs tcotrt westjournalism new ad shows contrast revenge or love of country tcotif obama isn t re-elected and forced to move out of the white house is that considered eviction election2012 obama2012rt zztro if mittromney wins i call the side of the cotton field with the most shade my father just went a voted.. i now hate him. obama2012 notromneybut i still think obama gone pull dis off teamobama realdonaldtrump don t worry about your hair. it s who you vote for that counts. romneyryan2012us voting machines caught altering votes election2012i d rather fix what i have with you than start with someone new. obama 2012rt heidil_rn i love the smell of libs getting fried in the morning landslide vote romneyryan2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 votedobama traceyeedmonds yes this ec so u got it right..- barackobama lt lol awesome hey you rt caseylsigler my husband s employer chose today to inform the staff that our health insurance is going up again. election2012 breathingpotter reasons we should vote obama 1. he read his daughter all seven of the harry potter books. aah i love this man evalongoria my vote go to america s obi wan obama obama obama2012my 23 yr old son and 87 yr old grammy are voting for obama today in fl forward2012rt bettyx3 people are so ignorant they don t understand obama is closer to being a communist than romney will ever be. romneyryan2012 ..cover-up obama knew benghazi attack was terrorist via westjournalism tcotrt tamarbraxtonher get your life amp vote obama2012 rt tonibraxton know who your voting for.. obama obama is like the real sorry kid on the basketball team that everyone cheer for at the end of the game give him one more shot romneyrt dgjackson gov working on tonight s speech on the plane a we fly to ohio. romneyryan2012 in honor of our election2012 we are offering a 50 off in all our print publications. use code usa during checkout.surely a man that is named after a glove can t win the us election election2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama  paulryanvp listen lil boy people dont like you you aint shit you nasty breathe bitch i hate you and yo boyfriend mitt romney rt obama mural in philadelphia polling place tcotrandom picture from last election p i ll be voting after school today entr105sac election2012 electionday govote  mittromney gt barackobama. nuff said. brady_cremeens gotta love the new york post.. lnyhbt romneyryan gopmake sure to give yourself enough time to vote today. voting line are long in some towns. get out and vote sj nj election2012first time voting yay obama2012 rt sagesavant there s more georgia power crew turned away from sandy-stricken new york for refusing to join union .. fact aboutme i ve submitted my absentee ballot .. voted for mr. mittromney ..more than 2 hour ago..-cn rainnwilson why vote when your state is already decided election2012rt interruptingdad i go to church once every two years..to vote. happy to maintain the physical separation of church and state. elec ..rt umisr our own msdrdata will be tweeting from npr hq a part of nprmeetup tonight umich umsocial electio ..rt coltonkennedy24 if you haven t voted yet get your as up and do it i don t care who you vote for a long a it s romneyryan2012morning world i been voted glory2god gomab obama2012 firsttimevotera vote for douchyweswekler is a vote for free margarita every thursday election2012 whatdowewantcocktailswhendowewantthemnowrt fran_tarkenton voting is the foundational act that breathes life into the principle of the consent of the governed. -deforest soar ..rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt legitivan today is election day but for me it s also college application day. college is an option obama agrees ..happy voting america election2012rt ksheridann imsickof obama a president. romneyryan2012 i did..did you prayvotepray vote election2012 rt billmoyers whatever it takes -- if you can vote michaelwinship reminds u a sandy did why voting matter ..rt dontetarantino fuck mittromney obama2012lets do this ohio rockthevote election2012 i voting rt jjauthor victory speech dgjackson gov working on tonight s speech on the plane a we fly to ohio. romneyryan2012 ..rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama omg.. mittromney wouldn t even give a straight answer to who he voted for i think you know . hope that mean barackobama voteobamart cafcofficial on the two occasion that cafc have played on the same night a a us election the republicans have won mw electio ..30 minute later.. obama2012rt xdylanburkex if you voted obama in 2008 to prove you aren t racist vote r amp r to prove you aren t an idiot romneyryan2012i wish i registered to vote in time obama2012with 0.7 of new hampshire reporting i m calling the election.. for t-pain election2012don t worry about anything but yet pray about everything if ur faith is shaking about the election pray and believe god obamart b_2fresh we can t stop our progress forward america obama2012the red line project s electionday live blog dpuelection chicago election2012vote or die obama2012 mypresidentisblackrt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt dailysimpsons breaking prince defeats simpson 1formartin 2formartin election2012 rt kayostylz go vote obamart theplatformyt if the election2012 come down to a tie the candidate should take the catwalk to determine who will be america s n ..voters stop posting picture of your ballot it is illegal and nullifies your vote votesmart election2012 mittromney can t wait to hear your concession speech tonight and then watch you fade away..hopefully you bow out gracefully and help unitert fergie i have made my choice. my hope is 4 president barackobama 2 get reelected amp get more time 2 turn this country around. ..rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..the last republican i voted 4 wa ronald reagan - wish it wa my worse youthful indiscretion p2 tcoti just did my civil duty rockthevote 4moreyears barackobama hope everyone vote today vote no obama2012 weallknowa we all know a dumbass named justin jsmith944 just bc of barackobama collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012 jendickersoni could vote or i could just get those i just voted stickers. election2012rt teewoo_94 did my civic duty and voted america vote romneyryan2012  sgrigsby25 if i could i would vote for obama2012 so you shut up.getting ready to vote merica election2012rt thelilkimshow please vote today team barackobama lilkimrt 6luvalentino everyone pray for your future pray for your child s future pray for obama ..rt dollarboyz voteobamathiselection obama2012 to obama2016 awesome video done by dollarboyz worlds largest entertainment company ..maybe they should just decide the election by twitter follower obama ha 21.8 million romney ha 1.7 million. clearwinner election2012rt kylechisholm11 get out and vote romneyryan2012rt knight1510 polls are packed here on the central coast of california praying for elizabethemken amp mittromney just said a prayer and cast my ballot. 2012election mitt2012 romneycentral colekeepsitg it doesn t matter anyway obama is going to win againthis picture dope obama rt yahoofinance ross firms will face concern if obama win via cnbc election finance  leescott23 i agree with far more of obama s policy bit scared if mitt romney is the most powerful man in the world you rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012me n twiin sexyfem4one jus walked out the school from voting listenin to 93.9 djgeminilive go in for this special day obamart mittromney iowa is a crucial state in this election amp your vote could make the difference. please get out and vote today. romn ..i voted just flaunting my influence like a true influenster. election2012 ohio election2012 first time voter may have to cast provisional ballot especially student voters. osu voting very heavy. romneyryan2012 because americacantafford4more. womenforromney presidentialelection2012i kinda feel like a bos voting romneyryan2012rt paddypower my face tomorrow morning if romney wins.. election2012 rt dcdebbie not sure if you re registered show up to the poll and check. you can always vote provisional ballot obama2012 electio ..rt reklecounte i voted. clear eyes full hearts america can t lose romneyryan2012 yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..for all election2012 update visit mivote mivote i have yet to vote in the same state twice. who me commitment issue please. election2012so wen do we find out who won election2012 obama govotert half thanks to those who ensured that men and woman have the right to vote. suffrage election2012 rt usembsl polls in every state in the us are now open for election2012. hawai i wa the final state to open their poll at 7am thei ..rt edwgillespie this is the overflow crowd for mittromney in wisconsin. intensity rt i_am_amann beauutiful day to vote for the most aware and understanding president obamart michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. ..rt chloelovesyou without obamacare my dad s surgery for his prostate cancer would ve bankrupted us. thank you barackobama for helpin .. barackobama good luck today. from gail s in edmonton albertashirt for today obama fourmoreyears it it come to ohio it could see 2-week delay in result here is why obama romney ohio  barackobama sky is d limit only if you stop looking at your shoes.look up be proud no one can define who you are only u can decide to flyelection day time to make the right choice 2012election romneyryan2012 gotvrt johioh1 vote for love of the country romneyryan2012 tcot hewittrt prodigypimpwalk realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan2012 vote2012 vote thats why ..rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..i voted so i fill like i accomplished enough for the whole year obama 2012 4moreyears 2terms mypresidentlets make it fair obama  sellitman good news for mitt this is the last day you will have to feign empathy for the american people. p2 tcot tlot lol in line getting ready to vote forward obama2012  barackobama vote for president obama the world need himif you need a reason to vote obama2012 i can post that picture of romney in mom jean again.happy election2012 day to our friend down south usa vote obamart scvbuckeye 1more reason 2love this guy rt paulryanvp wonderful 2have my family on campaign trail.let s go o-h-i-o. .. gwenjackson anndromney mittromney gwenjackson i hope exactly on the contrary that governor romney wipes the floor with obama amp michellert 1beautifulkarma he ha never wavered. he never never back down. he always step up. joebiden on watching barackobama work htt ..the cheesy video w mittromney dolphin amp careless whisper that reminds us--oh yeah his tax via moveonrt erikjlarsen i voted for barackobama and i encourage you to do the same rt jsamuelz i want obama to win.. but i have a feeling he s going to lose election2012officially voted romneyryan2012hey asshole i voted for obamabiden2012 and so did everyone i know realdonaldtrump mittromney rt mlttr0mney i beat the gay out of my son tagg i can beat obama election2012rt jessicka ladies this is our election. don t take your rights for granted don t vote to have old white men take control of our bod ..election day everyone romney ryan 2012 herewegort enoughpartisan mittromney rt loudobbsnews philadelphia city government allowing voter fraud get out and vote. you can make a difference election2012after you ve voted.. if you need a distraction check out and lgbt allies election2012 cnnelection romneyryan2012 let win it rt theplatformyt if the election2012 come down to a tie the candidate should take the catwalk to determine who will be america s n .. barackobama celebrity vote for obama because they don t feel the effect of this awful economy romney2012good luck herbertforutah orrinhatch repjimmatheson benmcadams barackobama y all have my support and my vote . god bless you amp americart socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012say mittromney don t forget to voteobama today  jackpot. no work until friday home in time for the chase quiz and footie tonight and then an all-nighter to watch obama hopefully win haha romneyryan2012 gizmodo this voting machine allegedly won t let a pa voter pick obama. terrifying if real. rt bjbeliaeff canada s vote is for barackobama rt everyone who s posting is today election day they are hilarious and will bring laughter and joy into your life. election2012 picstitch be smart obama organizing for america tx rt shaymitch if i could vote in the usa i would. please make sure you do your part and vote tomorrow canadiantweet obama2012  obama2012 fuck mitt romney joedean53 datechguyblog morning_joe the un acorn trained enforcers 4 obama that s who the un want 2 tax u amp obama will do it tcotal republicans holding watch party at gun range in hoover election2012 gotta love this state ivotedrt clem_sux romney obama spurrier election2012i dedicate my 3 500 tweets to barackobama you have made us proud.rt v_i_p_3 best quote i ve heard so far obama will take an early lead until the rest of america get off work to vote romneyryan2012just voted .. obama excited for the election tonight obama2012a very important day for the entire world.. election2012after morningexp is hln news now with christi_paul live with election2012 live from 12-4pm est vote 4 obama white ppl still don t whip their kidcivic duty completed election president romney obama 2012 rt jjauthor victory speech dgjackson gov working on tonight s speech on the plane a we fly to ohio. romneyryan2012 ..mitt s the shit romneyryan2012mind blowing speech by robert welch in 1958 predicting insiders plan via youtube vote romney2012 obama communisti voted make ur vote count ppl obama2012  hawaii not sure wheretovote check out here go out and vote for freedom tcot romeny latino woman jobrt bhaddaf69 romney romney romney romney . lmaophilly gop poll inspector being ousted for dems electionrt ronniejordan if ur a female that vote for romney u should have ur vagina revoked.. womensrights obama2012 yabiisshhe make the case for obama s re-election but say he would vote for romney anyway . may the odds be ever in your favor election2012rt madsinmadtown12 well today will either be the first day of four more year of hell or four year of progress and recovery nobama ..rt catherinecrier if you have a problem voting or have question about election2012 call 1-866-our-vote or email info 866ourvote.o ..rt ofa_pa rt this if you ve voted for barackobama today.yo bitches. i voted. vote obama  dailycaller politics presidential nail-biters top 10 closest presidential election in h.. tcot teaparty p2rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..my new sound nhpolotics election2012 student say she will vote for obama concerned aboit social issue  melissajoanhart much respect for you in speaking your mind could not agree more romneyryan2012 romneyryan election2012rt gov it s election day cast your vote and follow election2012 from your computer or mobile device. our guide rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt avaaz what will it mean for the world if romney win election2012go vote..no excuse election2012vote. you know you should. you matter. election2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt lolgop the candidate who know that if every citizen can vote they ll lose romneyryan2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..two gra-mar ms 8th grader write against the electoral college in the tennessean election2012rt fergie i have made my choice. my hope is 4 president barackobama 2 get reelected amp get more time 2 turn this country around. ..choosing between the lesser of 2 evil election2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt debramessing who are you voting for kayleighemilyxx obama a a woman who care about equal right equal pay health there ..rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012this long voting line is putting a damper on my afternoon hunt. hurry the fuck up people. election2012rt natigirlprobz the game involves a shot every time you hear the word swing state represent election2012 natigirlprobzrt shannonsteidl front page of ny post today lnyhbt romneyryan2012 when i m nervous i eat i ate too much it s 9 04 in ca election2012 forward2012 val_zelyaeva barackobama we ve to stop so many war and environment devastation pollution lack of limit for everything specially moneyrt dgjackson gov working on tonight s speech on the plane a we fly to ohio. romneyryan2012 all i have to say about the election is that if romney is our new president our country is going to shit. thatisall obama2012 anndromney mittromney not going to happen sorrythe new romney surge--and how obama is blowing the endgame via breitbartnews tcotrt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012 mittromney make sure to vote for obama amd then cut off your ball obama got 99 problems amp romney aint onee obama2012 rt feel_destweets i want to graduate from college.. that speaks for itself.. election2012rt mattkatz00 . govchristie his daughter and his fleece hit the voting booth. voting for mittromney secretballot inkyvote ..rt noudidant predictions of an obama win are firing up the gop -o democrats pls show up for pres obama getoutdemvotes gottal .. iretitheguru already voted obama alute.rt ryan_reilly_ obama play baseball like a girl romneyryan2012 this day ha me so pumped up. i am about to paint my body red white amp blue and go streaking through campus romneyryan2012 obama is losing vote if you really want obama2012 to be reelected then why the fuck you putting up your ballot smfhrt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012the bigger the government the smaller the citizen ivotedbiblicalvalues romneyryan2012 rt pleasurablethad all college student should know who to vote for be real half of use cant afford college. obama2012rt surfdub hundreds of fraudulent voter registration identified in florida fl - gop-backed firm responsible demsrt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known nothing but obama on my mind barackobama mr.obama iwish that the american people are able to see that you are the best choice to give solution to the tragic legacy.lmaoo mittromney lands in cleveland .. then joebiden land then paulryanvp land .. 3 airplane .. why not air-poolrt graciestyle fagstein you ve missed a line. how could a woman support romney the irony of woman demeaning a woman s choice.the day would be so much nicer if it wa forty degree warmer.. don t forget to vote everyone reality annoyingtweet election2012rt gluteusminimus my face is so warm thanks noshavenovember. oh yea and romneyryan2012 lnick11 brilliantbril cfry2_17voted lt 3 romney  navyseals watching the poll in philadelphia. blackpanthers romneyryan2012rt vrwctexan mportant if you have not yet voted please stop whatever you are now doing and govote romneyryan2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt _obeythiscunt this bitch is the reason why obama lost 3 . just voted obama2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt konartistnupe people..there is a difference in being unaware of a law and being oblivious to a law. inform the uninformed educate ..rt edshow huffpostpol watch voting machine allegedly register obama vote a romney vote election2012 hmm..issues economy - iran -healthcare - abortion - how do romney obama differ election2012 issue thx bbcnewsusissues economy - iran -healthcare - abortion - how do romney obama differ election2012 issue thx bbcnewsusrt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..i reckon obama will win tonight. only very marginally. i really hope romney doesn t win. although romney is very pro-israel which is goodjoe biden you snazy dude voteobama obama2012 obamabidenoh rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt tickedoffdem the people of ma love romney so much they voted for obama rt kqk2 in 08 i wa shocked how many people showed up at 7am with bedhead amp pjs. this morning back to normal - red state tcot lon ..this is my exercise for the day. election2012 ivoted la county fire station 32 rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012who want to wipe their shit all over obama s face romneyryan2012 rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama no thanks realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan2012 vote2012 vote  abdalla_almulla vote for romney rep the sticker election2012 rt lindsmarie711 to wait an hour to vote or shower before work.. romney sorry coworkershugee smile after leaving the ballot obamart yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt debramessing who are you voting for kayleighemilyxx obama a a woman who care about equal right equal pay health there ..rt chris_albert8 wish i could go out and vote today romneyryan2012rt blackstaremory why are you voting today election2012 rt oedonline fancy an electoral treat we record election cake election bun and election ale in the oed election2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt iilluminateyou i need all my followers to rt this dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known rt peterulsteen every election is a sort of advance auction in stolen goods. - h.l. mencken election2012 votehave officially voted in my first prez election for barackobama my girl repgwenmoore and tammybaldwinwirt sturdyalex what no i m not crying there s just.. something.. in my eye.. sob obama marriageequality lol i can t believe people would really vote for romney he clearly doesn t know what he s talking about. teamobama obama2012rt laydihd final romney rally rocks new hampshire 10k overflow crowd at 11pm via breitbartnews tcotdon t forget to vote obama obama obama election day..it ll be interesting to see what happens lifeofajournalismmajor obama romney election 2012rt taitimusmaximus ya gotta consider if u make le than 250 00 yr and vote for the gop that may be why u make le than 250.year. ..rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known i wa an idiot who did re register in time after moving so i can t vote but everyone else please go do so obama2012rt miss_chaney rt melomotivation a mittromney don t forget to voteobama today kaitieharnden did you vote yet d obama2012so true barackobama vota2012 govote rt jesus_m_christ . barackobama congrats on the win tomorrow. lol jk hahaha ur the antichrist.romney is hope for millionaire and obama is hope for millions. obama2012rt gbmegafan strange polling problems reported in northern virginia - tcotrt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama  barackobama when u win this election you better go harder this last term or else imma slap them ear off lt 3 u rt frogsupply i have spent countless day away from my family sacrificing for you to have the right to vote today. yes even you democr ..if i wa an american citizen i would vote for obama obama2012 election2012 govote mbwilkes happy and hopeful future voter at the poll precinct 3 arlingtonma election2012 amp no line prec6  ivoted for barackobama make sure to fill out your ballot right my favorite sticker. election2012 rt getsgreased cnn s poll yesterday showing tied race with 11 bias for dems say it all. vote amp show msm for the disgrace it ha .. katieelizx33 benlf download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012rt cafenetamerica under obama 42 percent of all american worker are currently living paycheck to paycheck election2012 tcot econom ..rt wnyt retweet if you voted today. join u tonight for all of the results. 518vote one of the nyers to deliver the state to mittromneyme too rt josepheach dzdork i just voted for mittromney rt mottskie20 today s the day people. do the right thing romneyryan2012rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt dorethamichiah voteobama is a promoted hashtag on twitter. twitter know whats up 4moreyears obama2012rt verifiedwhitney obama 49 romney 49 it s a tie. voteobama obama2012i voted yall romney rt _bobby_boucher_ obama romney bobby boucher election2012i m going to vote for obama. not really big on shit like this but romney is gay amp you can t expect obama to do drastic change in 4 yearboo obama yay romney romneyryan2012 rt raybeckerman rt ibbchris rt channel1atlanta election2012 malfunctioning machine reported throughout south florida ..rt campaign_meisha in 2008 we had nothing to lose amp everything to gain. in 2012 we have everything to lose amp nothing to gain .. mr_punjabi they have ruined the meaning of liberalism i am pretty liberal but what is happening now is simply intolerable. romneyryan2012rt slamonline nba player oft accused of being indifferent to politics have put their weight behind barackobama s campaign ..rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt logiezeeb13 fuck what everyone else says. obamart texasollie barackobama will you or holder tell the navy seals confronting the new black panthers intimidating voter in philly to ..go and vote if u can romneyryan2012 today is the day. go out and vote people. you are important and you are needed don t let everyone else decide for you. election2012quadrennial trip inside a church.. to vote. proud to participate in democracy today. election2012just did my part a an american romneyryan2012 realdonaldtrump before you vote think obama want to raise tax mittromney want to lower taxes--need i say more cammy rocking the vote election2012 rt iamselenator21 happy election day now get out there and govote voteobama barackobama barackobama an irish secondary school 12-17 in galway held a mock election today. o bama won with 100 of over 800 votes. isfeidirlinn mittromney got my vote i am so excited and fired up today. get out and vote now obama2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt suburbanfamiiy retweet for romney2012. favorite for obama2012. let s see who win rt joshabla video election2012 special a short doc i produced for pbsmediashift about how social medium informs voters. .. obama ain t got no worry guy rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt clem_sux romney obama spurrier election2012rt scottbeale rt lheron posting a pic of your ballot on social medium in some state that s illegal. election2012rt mittromney as gas price continue to rise even barackobama admits he doesn t have a comprehensive energy policy. rt fergie i have made my choice. my hope is 4 president barackobama 2 get reelected amp get more time 2 turn this country around. ..others may say it s too close to call but thinkhamper is calling the election. barackobama win and mittromney loses. electionresultsdon t listen to exit polls. please don t skip voting because you think it is not important in your state. my vote romneyryan2012 _liddoboss don t be retweeting that negativity over here obama2012 barackobama we gave bush 8 year to ruin the country no let give you 8 year to rebuild it.rt barackobama this election is too important to sit out. confirm your voting location here forwardrt gottameetdianna a slogan like keep america american is rather pathetic america wa built by immigrant mittromneyrt usernamenuse so why did the media black out ronpaul writeinronpaul tlot ows occupy govote halo4 teambachmann i did w my vote for barackobama love my country enough to move forward not back istandwithobama voteobama electionday mittromney you suck plz tell the truth u are hitler tomadler thank you. i am definately voting for barackobama my right a a woman and my friend right toi marry are on the lineand i called it by knowing bugger all about the us electoral process. go me. election2012 predicttheprez rt worldnetdaily thousands of military ballot too late perplexed a to why dod did not do everything in it p ..i don t like these new i voted today stickers. what happened to the simple oval i voted sticker election2012 the truth no longer the greatest nation on earth more a work in progress . election2012rt reklecounte i voted. clear eyes full hearts america can t lose romneyryan2012rt jefflegal voted for mittromney and my man tedcruz - god willing this will go the right way.. tcotrt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known get out there and vote obama forward instahub instadaily igers don t post your ballot on social medi if romney win my friend are fucked i have a full ride but there all here on loan please vote obama2012rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolrt ap election watch pregnant chicago woman doesn t let being in labor stop her from voting election2012 -ras dylan_johnsen you tell them dylan election2012 govotert collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012excellent skmsail for all political brand voting in election2012 is today s mustdo. have a great one.  laticiamarie barackobama hillharper absolutely shameful this is 21st century america rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt davidschneider dog sum up election2012 via mandypandy32 if i had my shit today i would be voting. and the person i would be voting for would be .. -- gt barackobamart omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..cast my vote in election2012 today for barackobama obama2012rt gomittromney today america ha the chance to return the principle that made it the greatest country on earth rt for teamromney ..my president is black obama2012fave mixed metaphor election2012- this race is razor-tight meanwhile nate silver say 92 chance of obama victoryrt _bobby_boucher_ obama romney bobby boucher election2012rt debwilliams57 rt conservative_vw mittromney amp anndromney voted now it s your turn romneyr .. noelclarke obama he s a great man and a true leader please don t let romney win nerve is up there obamatrust me anyone interested in us election2012 are watching either cnn or aljazeera indiannewschannelrt pennlive 4 state will vote on same-sex marriage today election2012 realstaceydash mittromney reppaulryan teamobama obama is for everybody not just a specific group vote vote vote for obamaguess liberal took an extra dose of psycho this morning. sigh. election2012rt nde_oliveira if only i wa born a year earlier. obama don t let america fall like it ha the past 4 years. only you can make a difference. vote2012 nobama romneyryan2012use votestand to report voting irregularities. tcotmoving forward obamart bronxzooscobra don t take your freedom for granted. don t be an asp. vote today. election20121400 abandoned wind turbines in the usa agw tcot renewables vote obama for more solyndra a123 romneyryan2012rt pauleyp so proud to voteobama vote for equal right women s right civil right lgbt right and a good honest man gt obamart usahipster must read article by cbs reporter awakened by viewing 2016 obama s america oh ia wi tcotrt bronxzooscobra don t take your freedom for granted. don t be an asp. vote today. election2012i made a difference and i hope for change obama 2terms  barackobama today the winner is youit s good to know nothing ha changed in four year obama2012 fourmoreyears votetoday rt pitbull get out there and make a difference in our country dalee ponte la pila election2012 votenaw j p we obama but my last tweet wa the truthright.. obama will get 300 electoral college vote tonight.rt l1ldebbie ppl still need reason to voteobama ok..womens right to choose gay equality immigration amp health reform nuff sai ..i believe the poor should not stay poor i believe in change. obamart shanell_snl it s election day. time to go and vote it s not a privilege it s your responsibility obama2012rt tichinaarnold hey 1st time voters whether u voted 4 obama or romney 2day wht really matter is tht u voted ur officialy a .. ..rt shawtaysuzie my president is black ..rt shaloskyc shocking no philly voter fraud benghazi coverup or storm recovery failure story on huh. rpof ..rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt __chanelnicole mitt romney losing in massachusetts a state that he governed. why vote for him when his own people don t want him ..from start to 2 finish only took me about 15-20mins 2 cast my vote. they did ask 4 id which i didn t have no hassles. election2012 votert lexiebonjangels mittromney i hate you bitch i hope you don t winif yuu didnt go vote goo vote today .. want ur voice 2 be heard then go vote today .. got obama back rt lukemitchell__ if i were american i d vote obama. presidentialelection romneyryan2012 do i need to say more vote rt jgalt9 nationalgetridofobamaday stop the democrat war on women - we need job not free birth control. teamromney tcot jacob_ziller romneyryan2012 fuckin cracker jack vote obama bitch rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama just voted in my first election war damn romneyryan2012 raisedrighti m watching united states presidential election 2012 2020 others checked-in getglue election2012rt tigerfists88 . thepeoplesview if you need a reminder of what the president has accomplished.. news obama ofa p2 obama2012 h ..can t wait until tomorrow ima be like nanni nanni boo boo round 2 obama20125 thing you can do right now to help make sure barackobama win  biasedgirl i wa hoping too but i couldn t remember if it wa the same night or the following day romneyryan2012vote richard m. nixon. death is no excuse election2012exciting day cnn on all day night awaiting the news obama2012rt chrisloesch heard rand paul on with glennbeck earlier today. he is firm in his support of toddakin amp mittromney paintitred ..rt bigjohnterry bring back bill clinton. the cheating dirty womanizer we would get along very well weshagwhowewant election2012mitt romney said that 47 of u do not matter. if i m of the working-poor i m a lazy prat who want free stuff. what is free obama2012rt damionsmith4 mitt romney is losing in massachusetts a state he governed. why vote for him when his own people don t want him oba ..the possible fulfilling of this day start now romney2012 romneyryan2012 baracksucks believeinamerica not a political person but i m praying obama is voted back in obama2012 canadalovesobamart fwforamerica retweet to tell your friend you want to defeat sherrod brown today ohsen sherrodbrown tcotrt ipsospa check out reuters election2012 microsite uspolivote like your wallet depends on it go mittromney and tedcruz tcotrt abc7newsbayarea this year s online election coverage will be more important than ever. election2012 yourvote marietjed66 europe ha to hope for obama getting 4moreyears while preparing for romney romneality romnesia and romneypercussions.murals black panthers.. barackobama this isn t protecting liberty. your job is to protect public elections.rt oreosandhoes lmao rt bankrollmarkus romney v obama. the baby know. rt bishopwsthomas let s do our part today. in every state and every county let to the poll in record number we must stand up today ..rt usahipster my president ha told me for 5 year that he hate me. that is why ivotedforromney romneyryan2012 tcotrt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt lolgop the candidate who know that if every citizen can vote they ll lose romneyryan2012if you are voting at lunch. let them know you won t be back until you ve voted. voteromney romneyryan2012rt nvr4get91101 front page of today s nypost romneyryan2012 election2012 rt shannonsteidl front page of ny post today lnyhbt romneyryan2012 rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt verifiedwhitney obama 49 romney 49 it s a tie. voteobama obama2012mitt got money he just want tht fame barackobama oprah traceyeedmonds justinbieber jlo michelleobamafollow jordanfabian emily_deruy and uninewspolitics for update on today s election election2012 obama2012 letsmoveforward not backwords tear lol rt playin_withit man if barackobama ain t bout to give me some dick for a vote i ain t votingrt nukrich7 if u voted please don t post ya ballot on the net u dummy y all fukin it up for my g obamart gnuman1979 here is info if you feel your voting ha been hampered in any way. obama2012 rt peoples__champ if ur ndn or native we need obama to win cuz if romney get in we re pretty much screwed done obamart haileybaldwin rt irelandbbaldwin if romneyryan is your choice that is your choice. is obama2012 is your choice then that is y ..rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama i voted for barackobama voteobama obama barnes park gym amp community center  rachelmclendon just voted romneyryan2012 so proud 4 more year obama it s 12 03. have you voted yet go vote electionday election2012 democracy plaza remember every retweet i do about the election is a candidate for me most ratchet election2012rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt potteristic barack obama ha read all seven harry potter book to his daughters. voteobama election2012i just don t understand people..why would you vote for a man who ha let innocent people die amazed romneyryan2012 wowwamerica. barackobama good luck from canada i voted proud obama2012rt kqk2 open thread how wa your voting experience election2012 tcotrt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt greenhousenyt unions say romney will pay price for labor fights in wisconsin amp ohio 1u evanmc_sjust got done voting romney joyreaper craigglismann barackobama i fully defend their right to do that romneylandslideplease everyone get out and vote it s the most important thing you can do today election2012 go obama once you go black you always go back obama 2012my president is black obama2012 vote rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama schoolgirls took the opportunity to sell chocolate for charity at the polls. election2012rt astronautkid92 ayye yall mittromney have a twitter lolin line waiting to check the obama boxroger black on design and the election design election2012rt theplatformyt if the election2012 come down to a tie the candidate should take the catwalk to determine who will be america s n ..fired up ready to go vote barackobama i voted for barackobama co he a true niggago vote not because some actor you like said so but because you have your rights. be informed and make your own decision. election2012 just got done voting. romneyryan2012 nobamahappy election day obama2012time to vote election2012rt fuckromney__ fuck you sir mittromneyrt youthpastorbry voteobama if you re proud that he enjoys the endorsement of communist leader chavez and castro romneyryan2012 tcot lululangeles savebradley rockyanderson you think gung-ho military advocate mittromney is going to take it easy on a whistleblower nutjob barackobama per matteorenzi picture time to vote primarie2012 adessopartecipo adesso i voted for barackobama because he s the best hope for keeping the wack-a-doodle social conservative at bay.go vote obama swingstatesrt lpaigex i m not even american but if i wa i d vote obama obama obama2012 barackobama will you be pouring domestic bubbles for the celebration usjobs uswine nochampagnert slamonline nba player oft accused of being indifferent to politics have put their weight behind barackobama s campaign ..following orders satire -by stephshar via redpillreport tcot lnyhbtrt andrewbloch dog capture mood of a nation election2012 via mandypandy32moving forward with obama2012 rt stuckup_nique everybody go vote took me le then 5 min s o to my county obama rt __chanelnicole mitt romney losing in massachusetts a state that he governed. why vote for him when his own people don t want him ..rt barackobama obama on romney changing the fact when they re inconvenient to your campaign not change.  obama2012 people. make the right decision or there will be a bus driver waiting to uppercut you bangbang the truth of the matter is with those machine they can manipulate votes.. and if romney win u kno thts wat happenedi ve come to the conclusion that people on twitter are disgusting and uneducated. election2012 youshouldtakeaniqtestbeforeyouvotert gomittromney we built it obama broke it now it time for u to fix it americastrong teamromney romneyryan2012 election2012it s all about obama voteobamademocrats will start off leading the poll this morning. republicans will catch up when they get out of work. romneyryan2012 paulryanvp with your support we can put this country on a path to prosperity. vote for a better future today. romneyryan2012rt huffingtonpost rt if you are voting today election2012if you got a sticker why the fuck would you take a pic of the ballot..we know to black as voted for obamart yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama love that mitt is out campaigning today amp obama is chillin in chicago playing basketball. i love that man obama2012rt campbell_paige godposts god know your situation and he know the solution ..he s got this guys. election2012rt verifiedwhitney obama 49 romney 49 it s a tie. voteobama obama2012my president is black obamait s renege prick b_4stel it s called the white house for a reason let keep it that way romney dontrenig rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt acrusoejr romney v obama. the baby know. via townhallcom ohio early voting romney closes the gap twister teapartyso glad i voted early and missed the lines. movingforward obamart gdeuceswild got my sticker today voted.. romneyryan2012rt silverbulletzx3 sherrysamples flyoverangel pyle_sandy madgrandmatobe nuff said romneyryan2012 tcot rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt helenzille holding thumb for obama. come on pennsylvania florida nevada and ohio rt itstycun __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama let s make ..biden romney and ryan are in cleveland. that s not an important swing state at all is it election2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt martianmarley23 mitt romney losing in massachusetts a state that he governed. why vote for him when his own people don t want him .. barackobama i m not voting for your stupid ass.rt mittromney ain t nothing more important than the mulaa rt liz_thompson11 shout out to gracerants and brinkerhoff who are working the poll all day long. dedication gov election2012 ..just voted mae smith for lauderhill commissioner amp obama for another round rt rightwingangel rt scottoncapecod rightwingangel gotta love the new york post.. lnyhbt romneyryan goprt erin_osopretty babies can sense evil. obama2012 via townhallcom former gop official alleges fraud i was told i d already voted -- but i hadn t twister teapartyrt katbrown82 a minute s silence to contemplate the baked good who have suffered during election2012 rt daniel_j_noe vote for obama if you really hate this country and the catholic church keven_93. romneyryan2012rt shannonsteidl front page of ny post today lnyhbt romneyryan2012 rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..rt jimmy_kessler i wish i could vote. voteobama vote obama2012 electiondayi wouldn t have voted for hello kitty even if she wa on the ballot but i would vote for moomin election2012 repubgrlprobs cali_country this disproves evolution.. survival of the fittest my butt romneyryan2012rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 .. tweet_souneik shit we bein heard tho lmao..ballads ballet ballys fuck it. lol obama2012i really think it is stupid that i have a test on election day. wtf romneyryan2012 obama2012 i voted for obama because he ended the war in iraq killed bin laden and supportsourtroops supportsourvets.rt musicjew breaking avraham fried say that he voted for mittromney. there wa no question about it just watched dineshdsouza s documentary. scary stuff. nerve wracking day. election2012celebrating the us election2012 by listening to swedishhousemafia and not really being able to do anything about it via townhallcom just passing the time . . . twister teapartymr government sir daddy off to provide security to mitt romney at the romney campaign. fancy tsa romney romney s next stop - the white house. teamromney romenyryan2012 election2012rt gregjennings it is a great day to begreat and go vote no matter where you live or what you believe let your voice be heard today ..hopefully barackobama win today goodluck forward2012rt prointegrity tcot romneyryan2012 tlot gop rt trumpetman vote like your stranded in benghazi and obama is your lifeline .rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama i can see u re very lonely and bored rt asvp_kwesi uncle barackobama kindly follow backrt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..rt fergie i have made my choice. my hope is 4 president barackobama 2 get reelected amp get more time 2 turn this country around. .. obama better win this election rt chiefbrody1984 romney v obama. the baby know. rt thehill head of united auto workers alleges dirty trick by mittromney camp in ohio by cmunozthehillrt acrusoejr romney v obama. the baby know. who doe reo say to vote for barackobama is here when i m ready but mittromney roll back the change userectionsrt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. mo bmoreraven81 u guy 2008 obama talkd hope change changing politics amp negative campaigning but did opposite he divided america classwarfareconservatives conspire to keep carbon economy of 1896 p2 tcot teaparty mittromney voteobama via bloombergviewrt 615realjg obama can actually relate to everybody romney can t even relate to his own familyelection day i am so excited no more political add s this is what i have to say take this straw and suck it. politics imsickof romneyrt gop reuters romney cast vote feel great about ohio gopmomentum tcot idaho not sure wheretovote check out here go out and vote for freedom tcot romeny latino woman jobrt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt 48141_paid __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama rt thehill head of united auto workers alleges dirty trick by mittromney camp in ohio by cmunozthehill hispaniccaucus i live in miami s little havana amp my polling location jose marti park. be back in 5 hour election2012 caschneider9 wakaflockabsm download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012rt princesammie seeing the votetweets on my timeline is so refreshing. stand for something or fall for anything. obamavote smartly today vote romneyryan2012rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012they asked mittromney who he voted for. he replied i think you know who. i knew it voteobamai m so nervous election2012 rt fastcompany ..a simple smear of ink can be enough to have a vote thrown out altogether. election2012so glad voting is today no more commercial hallelujah obama2012blk ppl supporting obama rt akabeebles we can t let a candidate who ride on the back of bigot birthers amp billionaire steal the election vote obama2012 ..my lawsuit against obama have been worth every penny. after today my lawsuit may go away. txlege oliviaratinckx c muun nigga obamahope everyone is watching rtetoday were talking all thing obama sandy and of course irishmammiesrt enigma_2live obama is going to get all the minority black hispanic asian etc. dgjackson mittromney hello mr. president rt cafenetamerica if you see voter fraud please keep the fbi voter fraud hotline handy 800-253-3931 tcot voterfraud benghazi lnyh ..rt cloewearsjeans attention people spread the word obama2012 tent city homeless resident elect representative election2012rt randini22 well almost everybody on my tl is for romneyryan2012 .. but then again most my friend are white friend and not on fo ..if i were american i d vote obama. presidentialelectionrt callmeauburn 1 tiny drop of water isn t much at all. but a million tiny drop will overflow the bucket. your vote doe count. be he ..if you care about the usa please vote. you have power. vote. election2012 double checked the status of my vote-by-mail. success. election2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012my one british friend in dc might be more excited than the majority of americans. rt geil_a polls now open in all 50 state election2012 vote obama dont disappoint me _ rt zztro if ur voting for mittromney take pictures of your ballot lmaort scottoncapecod ahuddleston357 gotta love the new york post.. lnyhbt romneyryan goprt mittromney your vote in virginia is critical to securing a victory on nov. 6th. find your polling place romn ..there s one more vote for barackobama in indiana rt usernamenuse did u see these amazing predictions by ronpaul in 2002 writeinronpaul govote tlot tcot tea ..rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012im just lookin at the furture amp fuckin wit romney ima be paid understand i see green proof i voted election2012 mivote rt ajelive an ohio auto union leader tell aje s scottheidler a romney presidency would mean an attack on labour ..today is the day toonervous romneyryan2012go vote romneyryan2012  terry33093 yeah obama rt callmeauburn 1 tiny drop of water isn t much at all. but a million tiny drop will overflow the bucket. your vote doe count. be he ..rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012the only bad decision in voting this election2012 is not voting rt cafcofficial on the two occasion that cafc have played on the same night a a us election the republicans have won mw electio ..sweet sweet pile of democracy. election2012 rt debramessing who are you voting for kayleighemilyxx obama a a woman who care about equal right equal pay health there .. obama draper for prez  nickslachey ohio..home of the bengals reds amp 18crucialelectoralvotes vote election2012say goodbye to college foreign student n people who can t afford college romneyrt ryanmcneal v ote o bama t his e lection if you are teamobama retweet this. if not keep scrolling. 4moreyears obama2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt lctcali again all you dummy on my tl. the correct information of picture taking is you can not take pictures at the polls your ..worldwide support for president barackobama during the electionday - latinosforobamahappy election 2012 it s mittromney or barackobama captain america urge u to vote ivotedrt lexiebonjangels mittromney i hate you bitch i hope you don t wini just finished voting. total time one hour thirty six minute election2012 rt cube_girl congrats on dedication rt jennygardiner hey obama2012 my son climbed 16k foot mountain to vote for barackobama ht .. vote obama2012 every vote count dear sonia-ji the rti act thrives despite congress not because.. barackobama barackobama president via newzsocial vote i did my part this morning obama2012 glennbeck i d say it wouldn t phase me but that is just digusting. knowing naacp is worried about. truethevote yet this mural should tcotrt jazzmineparks vote obama please i can t loose my food stamps .rt beautyisasian we sitting here watching the news obama2012yess rt karma_sutra i got you barackobama rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt callmeauburn 1 tiny drop of water isn t much at all. but a million tiny drop will overflow the bucket. your vote doe count. be he .. annathepiranha i love your shirt obama o socool obamajust voted obama this election is making me feel sick. was excited but now terrified. obamabetterwinthisshit obama2012 election voteobamathe 1950 s gave u jailhouse rock good but also gave u the mccarthyism bad . let s not relive the 1950 s vote obama.when mitt romney said he didn t care for 47 of the country he should have been disqualified right then amp there. voteobama election2012rt raybeckerman rt ibbchris rt channel1atlanta election2012 malfunctioning machine reported throughout south florida ..most americans won t make it to ballot to choose leadership but they will sit down and tweet about change amp obama .. imjustsaying rt whoisyoungace goodmorning everybody get up amp go vote vote for obama or else go broke lol smh .. really tho rthow many people will get fired today for taking 3 hour lunch to vote election2012let s win this one for america mittromney electionday america mittromney  cnnopinion photojeff prediction obama-332 romney-206 - ohio doesn t matter.. electionwin fourmoreyears obamai voted sticker will get rappahannock oysters and a glass of punch on the house at hanksoysterbar election2012 yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama  diamond_sr4ever should of walk n der wit a blunt said obama bitchrt debramessing who are you voting for kayleighemilyxx obama a a woman who care about equal right equal pay health there .. barackobama you are the one you will win today greetings fron venezuela  viral rt ivoted crushnight america s guillotines and fema s coffins ft hood ft bragg ft lewis usaf military tcotdon t forget to vote today election2012 rt trickortreak mitt romney gonna take away water cup from chipotle haha obama2012rt scottoncapecod gretawire gotta love the new york post.. lnyhbt romneyryan gophe ha my vote rt kissmyconverse_ anywho obama2012 ..or am i gonna get banned for tweeting who i m voting for rt frankie_ifejika if i could vote i would vote for obama obama2012 voteobama teamobama election2012rt skunkt rt thehill head of united auto workers alleges dirty trick by mittromney camp in ohio by cmunoz .. stacy_solis did you vote obama election2012rt lexiebonjangels mittromney i hate you bitch i hope you don t winrt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt amarina27 if you don t vote you have no right to complain about the outcome. obamart starjonesesq just talked to milwaukee getoutthevote remember there is no voterid requirement in wisconsin. the court struck do .. mittromney paulryanvp don t let the liberal media dissuade you mountain amp pacific voters.. your vote will count vote straight gop 4 year ago when obama wa elected i heard gun shot form every project in goldsboro .i voted just flaunting my influence like a true influenster. election2012cast my vote obama2012rt fergie i have made my choice. my hope is 4 president barackobama 2 get reelected amp get more time 2 turn this country around. ..rt epalicki i don t care what the poll say we re talking about an american public that took nickelback platinum. 21 times. nervous ..with the right leadership america is coming roaring back romneyryan2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012 mittromney good luckin honor of election day.. romneyryan2012 yolo sheshot ashleypro did you vote yet w amp i did make your voice heard get yourself to the poll election2012rt ethanz my note on stevenbjohnson s talk at civicmit on p2p politics last night p2ppol election2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama riddin around twn throwing out obama pinrt afp americans flock to twitter on election day to prove they voted election2012goodmorning twitter team obama bitchh rt brianlundy just got done playin ball with barackobama nigga caught me with the mean euro step smh repost cassidy_larsiny real shit romney is a nut job vote obama rt paze77 from holland i wish barackobama all the luck on election day 2012 hope usa is wise and vote for another 4 year obam ..sound reasonable..rt playin_withit man if barackobama ain t bout to give me some dick for a vote i ain t voting urnewsstream any idea of how it look for obama2012rt datechguyblog gop poll inspector being kicked out of polling place in philly ward 6 12 18 20 24 29 32 39 43 56 65 . ..barack did the best job any democrat president with failed idea could have done under the circumstances. vote tcot obama obama obama obama obama obama . . . good mornin everyonee rt punishme_ romney v obama. the baby know.  nas leak words are power intro 504unit feat. barackobama via youtube wordsarepower coming rt rta poll i like - rt thefullpint vote for the best beer on election day craftbeer election2012rt usahipster never forget obama ge and soros outsourced usa jobs to china and brazil. these job will never come back. vote romney ..do obama and romney get to vote forrealthough rt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. mo barackobama potus i had ur back i voted just stopped by radnor 5-2 631 voter passed through by noon of 1 700 registered election2012if i wa old enough to vote i would.. obama2012rt huddle_10 election day in the greatest country on the planet merica romneyryan2012rt austovandy it s finally the day we a americans can vote our worst president ever out of office romneyryan2012 winningdon t forget to exercise your right to vote today election2012rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt yumiyoko rt ap election watch pregnant chicago woman doesn t let being in labor stop her from voting e ..i ve been waiting a long time for today my first time ever voting yippiee romneyryan2012rt eastswag3 first time voting obama yeson1 videothevote - welcome to election day denver videothevote election2012 denverpollsrt lawblob shocking photo of black panther member intimidating voter in ohio tcot govote romney2012 rt allenlanebooks keep calm and trust nate silver election2012rt louteasdale happy voting p vote obamart dhrxsol1234 you changed your clocks don t forget to change your president tcot p2 tlotrt ihoenation if you are a romney supporter please post a picture of your completed ballot show your support for romney rt amp spr .. barackobama all the best for us electionrt phillyd election2012 submit your own ivoted pic to my dorm room wall.. obama2012 rt paulazinger the right to vote is sacred and ha been earned with the sacrifice of soldier for generations. value it. get out and ..rt theofficialkaya hey mittromney don t forget to voteobama voted now off to win some money parxcasino electionday election2012 vote njvotei wa hoping people being stuck in voting line would mean le traffic. nope. election2012rt thagoonboii_5 i believe the poor should not stay poor i believe in change. obamart neneleakes we vote we win obama if mittromney wins iwill have my rope ready for my hanging bc iwon t last. italk too much shxt to live thru slavery.rt m_ignatieff here s who i d be voting for today if i could election2012rt dgjackson gov working on tonight s speech on the plane a we fly to ohio. romneyryan2012  voting by flashlight on statenisland after hurricane sandy via thinkprogress election2012 vote gotvgood to see u bobbyhenon at 4th st election2012 govote if you don t vote for barackobama you re basically satan.have u voted yet if not go fucking vote obamart omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..rt siponmytee -i m ready for obama to win already cause the dumb shit i m seeing on my tl is ridiculous rt charmofthesouth today is the day let u show mr obama we won t endure another 4 more year by sending romney to the white house. ..rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..she s got her election day shirt on elephant romney vip s like vote 4rm wherever we r mista_nawti o_o are d poll nw knust rt gen_mekusa jst voted obama rt trevorstjohn please vote my friend forward barackobamathe only warren i d vote for cant find his baseball to save his fuckin life and he s very sensitive about his ear election2012brutally cynical and hilarious. george carlin - why i don t vote i voted. election2012oh boy it look like a close election be sure to stop by for some chicken on your way to vote today election2012 rt leonthomas3 happy that i can vote leggo election2012rt realdonaldtrump before you vote think obama want to raise tax mittromney want to lower taxes--need i say more i voted 2012election obama voteno barackobama i am in sa but if i were there i would vote for you. no question at allif romney win america should just give up. obama2012rt thehill head of united auto workers alleges dirty trick by mittromney camp in ohio by cmunozthehillrt fergie i have made my choice. my hope is 4 president barackobama 2 get reelected amp get more time 2 turn this country around. .. barackobama mr. president i am with you 120 . i know you will lead us for another four years. god bless you.rt rbpundit okay. going to swing by chick-fil-a get lunch and then go vote for romneyryan2012 george allen and frank wolf. foram ..guys dont post a picture of your ballot on ig fb anywhere we need ur vote soo if u have a pic i suggest u to delete it thanks obamamy president is black obama2012 vote rt l_hopson23 yeah obama is a great president lol ignorance romneyryan2012 rt huffingtonpost rt if you are voting today election2012another thing i don t understand is why anyone would vote for romney..is there a question obama2012whatever i know my vote counted romneyryan2012 nobamart luke_adams_ i like gay marriage murder of baby and a socialistic society where the lazy are just a successful a the hardworki ..can t wait to watch the vote tallied this evening romneyryan2012 barackobama yeah buddy come on. the whole of ireland and the scrogg road behind ye election2012 rawstory yes we still all have to vote please obama2012just voted in the presidential race of election2012 -- did you vote yet the brooklyn school for global studies pretty cool connecting through d.c. on the day of election2012 vote rt frankieboyle an exciting day for anyone interested in which of two very slightly different accent we hear war declared on iran el ..great day to vote i m running precinct 4 district 196 mn 1544 registered 400 voted already today we must votefreedom romneyryan2012rt eyeluv2laff mtpol rt nan33s who got jobs during the obama presidency via rightsidenews stunning tcot .. yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama don t play pussy teamromney2012 basically there s lot to pay attention to apart from who win the big job. teachban2012 election2012 mrstevedrayton hi mr steve i ve written a blog about the us election2012 and that please read amp rt.isn t it kind of pathetic when the fate of the nation come down to ohio election2012rt rickystoma get the champagne ready romneyrt ofa_pa rt this if you ve voted for barackobama today.rt ronniejordan ppl are voting against their own interest just cause the pres. is black..if that ain t racist idont know what is.. ..rt harold3k hahahahahahaha csaq . barackobama already voted when r u going to give me my refrigerator im from great housing miss ..today a any other day i support barackobama a president um..check out this voting machine in pa. effed gop pennsylvania obama politics wtfwith wisconsin being a toss up state everyone need to get out there and vote romneyryan2012rt karensnyderduke winning election2012 rt paigelealav badass pregnant woman vote on her way to give birth ..make sure to go vote today election2012rt t_ariel love this obama 2012 rt journeytonike stop posting pics of your voting ballad because it voids out your vote obama has already dropped 3 obama2012 ..seeing the light concealed carry support growing do you carry toledo tcot gop nrart frankieboyle an exciting day for anyone interested in which of two very slightly different accent we hear war declared on iran el ..rt itstycun __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama let s make ..rt vanessa1105 voted for my president barackobama. four more year weert jawilliams305 voting is like driving if you want to go backwards choose r . if you want to go forward choose d obama2012rt southlands_son y all don t forget to go vote today. romney ryan2012rt brandonjmillz hugee smile after leaving the ballot obamalast minute offer to shoot for election party at grenada. do i go for it or stay home and avoid the madness of election2012 conflicted.rt scienceofsin super obamaniacs vote in virginia. let s get er done vaforobama vote barackobama katyperry rt as_promised fox napolitano the govt ha been redistributing wealth upwards for 30 yrs. haven t you noticed it wa supposed to t ..as a proud canadian i support georgeparros for president. election2012let your voice be heard every vote count obama2012barack obama - what s in the bag 17 golf clubs. 2012election electionday presidentialgolf obama electiondayfun in line to vote. going republican this year. romneyobama for president election2012 cuzitsez06 baleeve obama rushlimbaugh seanhannity bretbaier election2012 voted 6am in northern va. big crowd there already rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012going to vote romneyryan2012 election2012 romney landslide likely via examinercomrt itsmechasity this morning before i head out i m going to pray amp meditate for our president barackobama for he is the clear cho ..rt __chanelnicole mitt romney losing in massachusetts a state that he governed. why vote for him when his own people don t want him ..a student of independent party said he belief the democrat republican party haven t done enough to earn vote diacny election2012rt clem_sux romney obama spurrier election2012rt cierra_piazza election day election day 2012election barack obama mitt romney joe biden choose wisely preside .. anamariecox i voted in pa in 3 minute cnnelection election2012 obama2012please voter we need americascomebackteam romneyryan2012 barackobama winnerpundits and prognosticator be damned. the poll are speaking now election2012 electionday2012 electiondon t instagram your ballot in these state or you could get arrested socialmedia election2012 iansomerhalder glad i made the right choice obama2012 voted last week here in nc.if i could vote for barackobama i would have started camping out 5 day ago voteobamais obama really that anti-business or are company using it a an excuse not to hire and spend rt ihoenation if you are a romney supporter please post a picture of your completed ballot show your support for romney rt amp spr .. mittromney for president yougotthisrt chapelledave it s election day. i m voting obama2012. don t vote for obama because i m voting for him. vote for who ever u want. j ..rt k_sierramist get your fact straight seriously though.. romneyryan2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt fashiondiva1984 i saw nothing but romney ryan sign everywhere and only 3 for the president just great i voted happily today ro ..i think obama s got this. i m little worried about the senate and the house ha no hope. election2012listened to barackobama on ryanseacrest this morning and i loved his thought on his daughters. barackforpresidentback in good ol leasburg to vote romneyryan2012 rt jbfpm okay fine i broke down and voted.. election2012 rt gop reuters romney cast vote feel great about ohio gopmomentum tcotrt myultimatewishh damn i wish i could vote.. miss it by 10 day election2012 voteobamai m voting for regina george because she got pushed in front of a bus. election2012 meangirlsrt mittisms mitt romney interviewed on espn s monday night football november 5 2012 romneyryan2012rt reynoldsofa check out barackobama working the phone for gotv effort. join in rt _raidherpanties im soo ready for tonight man im excited for my president. obama2012get out and vote bitches.. makeadifference election2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012what s all this talk of i voted sticker why did i receive no adhesive circular indication of my accomplishment today election2012gonna be a lot of hater on twitter tonight election2012rt acrusoejr romney v obama. the baby know. it s power in the tongue. y all better speak that thing obamart letoyaluckett rt barackobama just a few vote could make the difference in this election grab a friend when you vote today. .. obama - campaign trail 2012 - tip of the spear the irish times - via irishtimes my son jack s campaignexcited for election night tonight. good luck barackobama voteobamakill yourself b_4stel it s called the white house for a reason let keep it that way romney dontrenig rt real_or_truth mitt romney nervous like a baby daddy on maury waiting for them test result maury mitt you are not the president .. students4obama i voted for barackobama if you did too then here s the twitter version of an i voted button  mhodgson207 even the brazilian are with obama vote obama2012rt dhrxsol1234 obama paralyzed by fear gen. patrick brady explains why president abandoned americans in benghazi ..rt garthgarrels romneyryan2012 we can t afford another 4 year like the previous 4fucc stacy dash wit her old sexy non aging rich good skin having long hair..what wa i talking about again oh yeah fucc her obama2012self contradicting obama i want to cut offshore oil drilling 2008 but ill take credit for the increase in oil productionrt cnov18 star student in bio lab whatsgoingon fossil romneyryan2012rt dphen51 voted today ibelieveinlima obama2012 johnwillamowski mericart corey_adams make sure you all go out and vote today romneyryan2012rt dearbornpatch absentee ballot expected to hit or break record in dearborn today patchelections election2012rt doctornas love is beautiful obama2012 barackobama michelleobama first family dont worry bout it we will wait all damn day obamart socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012 king2494 haha watch the whitestwhiteman make his singing debut election2012 vote mmflint voted it s my second presidential election year election2012 voteobama2012 i voted for barackobama and joebiden today among other candidate it felt great to finally be able to vote 4 more yearss rt iamrichcole election2012 .. just know i just want the election2012 to be over with already so we can all find out what kinda new b we gotta deal withrt gloria4congress we don t get a do-over. today is it . do not let anything stop you from being counted sctweets sc7 myr electio ..election anyone have a link to where we can buy some electoral college sweatshirt election2012a vote for gaydog2012 is a vote for change. raise your paw for the cause on election2012 don t let the issue sit rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama please go out and vote. obamafirst time voter obama2012today is the day.. obamart kyleighhjo happy election day get out there amp vote. every single vote matters. nobama romneyryan2012 rt scottoncapecod 430rhonda gotta love the new york post.. lnyhbt romneyryan gopi voted everybody please go vote you have until 7. obama rt republicangop today we make a stand america- please standwithmitt because americadeservesbetter vote romneyryan2012voting for obama please don t forget to vote because i ll be damned if romney winrt drayanotdrea rt princesammie seeing the votetweets on my timeline is so refreshing. stand for something or fall for anything. obamart wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012if mittromney win the presidential election i bet cash money that la governor bobbyjindal leaf to take a cabinet position. bankonitrt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolsubmitted my obama ballot busy busy day but i ve got to find time to vote. it s too important not to. too many people died to give woman the right to vote. obama2012rt real_or_truth mitt romney nervous like a baby daddy on maury waiting for them test result maury mitt you are not the president ..rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama off to the voting line i go republicans do not get this latina vote potus obama election2012 forward 4moreyears noromnesia gobamawords of wisdom lt 3 rt mtvnews beyhive what do you think about beyonce s stirring letter to barackobama rt surfdub hundreds of fraudulent voter registration identified in florida fl - gop-backed firm responsible demsromney ryan and biden all on the cleveland tarmac at once very cool. election2012 cnnonly my 2nd election to vote. so proud. so happy. election2012 proud electionday2012 vote the fix is in obama2012one of the coolest thing i get to do - took just 20-minutes with line at polling place election2012  mindlessnerdd wakaflockabsm download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012rt chickiepotpie my parent european socialist just voted republican for the first time since becoming citizens. this is big peopl ..rt 9to5milwaukee mt momsrising today s the day let s use our outside voice vote pls rt this friendly reminder ..after going to 2 different polling place and standing in line for an hour my vote ha been cast election2012rt foxnewsradio vice president joe biden making a surprise stop in cleveland oh today. election2012can t wait for romney to win this election nobama will lose rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt rcdewinter the gop is determined to drag woman back to servitude and i will fight tooth and nail to make sure that doesn t ever ..rt romneyroadteam . mittromney and anndromney casting their ballot in belmont ma romneyryan2012  ricky_catanzaro no nigger should lead this country romney wow..the ignorance. idgafuck watchu say obama obama obama all day lmfaoo rt wheadacashat_ i will be so glad when obama win so everyone can stfu the main thing that would stop me voting romney is his stance on universal healthcare. anyone who opposes it need their head checkingget out there and vote if you can. the poll are now open. vote barackobama yeson34.educate urself. eggs are scary. do you want gross aborted fried baby bird in ur kid mouth scaryegg2012 doesn t either election2012i hope for the better outcome for america obama dontscrewitup democracy equalitykeepinf finger crossed rt marion754 twingals i m soo nervous on my way out to vote obama2012rt real_or_truth mitt romney nervous like a baby daddy on maury waiting for them test result maury mitt you are not the president ..that s why you ugly bitchh realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan2012 vote2012 vote rt deepakchopra why i m voting for barackobama rt dickndom let s have it barack me old mucker barackobama usa obama2012  robdelaney mittromney that s deep simple yet profound women srights romney went against his faith and allowed his wife to vote. he did tell her who to vote for though.am i the only one that think both presidential candidate are bad choice election2012 thoughtprovokingkeep our president black obama2012 vote sick of hearing that you voted. i voted three week ago you re old news. election2012vote for obama before you get hit w this lava make obama a trending topic dont care bout no price just cop it lovesosart realdonaldtrump before you vote think obama want to raise tax mittromney want to lower taxes--need i say more rt dailysimpsons breaking quimby re-elected by landslide two more bodies surface in springfield harbor badwiddleboy election2012 h ..rt travelzoo our election2012 poll who would you rather vacation with romney obama biden or ryan trav .. mdoug1996 i voted for love of country. romneyryan2012 me too. obamabiden2012rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..my ballot count niggas..everybody come vote obama fuckromey as vote are cast across the u.s. check out this map to see how cbslocal s reader feel about election2012  michelleobama will barackobama close guantanamo if success on election wait a minute is it closed yet i m not from america but if i had the chance to vote i would voteobama because of reason obama2012going home to vote in a bit. obama biden  barackobama dear obama am not u citizen but i love u and this pic of two mom and child giving flyer for u that s everybody go vote obama2012 every vote count rt kreayshawn if you show me proof you voted tmmrw i will follow you.. if that help any.. obama2012rt bankrollmarkus romney v obama. the baby know. you guy need to go vote if the person you don t want to win win and you didn t vote don t complain vote obama2012 romney2012bout to vote firsttimer romneyryan2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt deswaggkidd real_gtweets i voted obama2012 fuckromney lmaoo chiya dumb iscell ctfu rt jordansekulow mittromney this is it. make sure you vote today. find your polling location ..having a debate about the us election in my canadian math class.. obamart usa_truth neither george bush nor ron paul are on the ballot. a vote for gary johnson is a vote for barack obama romneyryan2012.rt patriotairborne we the people are the rightful master of both congress and the court to overthrow men who pervert the constitu ..i voted just flaunting my influence like a true influenster. election2012rt dailysimpsons breaking quimby re-elected by landslide two more bodies surface in springfield harbor badwiddleboy election2012 h ..rt princesspaige to all the stupid young adult who thought it would be cool to vote for obama 4 year ago go out today amp fix ..burt reynolds wa dumped out in ocean in movie. he prayed to god making commitment which grew smaller a he got closer to land. teaparty election2012 some in swing-state florida have been waiting for more than 4 hour to cast their ballots. jacanewsof obama win they betta be giving up free lapdances sincity 2marrowrt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama don t dull mi loves. go and vote2012. election2012rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..i wish i could be voting in the american presidency election barackobama defo get my vote from over here in the ukit s on vote for president barackobama election2012 everyone to vote for barackobamart antheabutler rt edshow huffpostpol watch voting machine allegedly register obama vote a romney vote e .. just1bri in line for voting obamanation obama2012rt coreyrae3 romney s slogan keep america american wa the same slogan used by the kk in 1922 enoughsaid obama2012 twoterms fou .. election2012 some in swing-state florida have been waiting for more than 4 hour to cast their ballots. jacanewsrt eric_jotkoff university of florida gatorsforobama turning out in huge number to support barackobama voteobama students4obama h ..rt princesammie seeing the votetweets on my timeline is so refreshing. stand for something or fall for anything. obamaindia guess what next us prez ha in store for subcontinent joverdorf globalpost india obama romney imsickof mittromney lol fag bag .hope everyone out there is voting for the right choice obamasuch an awesome day election2012 mia_winning cause mittromney my great granddaddy nephew cousin son in law amp i can t turn my back on familyrt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolps if you vote in the east village on 1st ave btw 9th amp 10th the wait is 90 minute so you may want to come later. election2012 nycrt daghe rt shay_headbangin prayer for our president prayer for our nation. obama2012lol teamobama obama2012 are trending amp voteobama is promoted . funny how that works.. don t let the door hit you on the way out thanksrt ellencarmichael unreal rt katyabram rt gop philadelphia polling place puts voting booths next to obama mural ..wish i could be happy about electionday no matter if romneyryan2012 win or obamabiden2012 win people will still complain rt platinumb0mb i voted obama2012off to vote election2012 packrat220rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt guwap_gucci we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 rt dollarboyz dollarboyz yea u kno our name like barackobama we hope for change.. this.. fuck all this shut up and vote maleah for persistent maleahpenn12 election2012rt trickortreak mitt romney gonna take away water cup from chipotle haha obama2012i didn t need 2read the article amp i say yes rt foxnews is it time to get rid of the electoral college election2012 everyone is in ohio..kinda need some love in the rest of the country too no election2012already voting problem in illinois deemaan19 adam_dyment romney barackobama just cast my 2nd vote for the president make sure your voice is heard. go out today and vote election2012rt youngproducer_ my president is black ob ..rt robdelaney i wa considering voting for mittromney but then i remembered i entered the world through a vagina.i just told mittromney climate change isn t a joke. sandy via forecastfacts colorado not sure wheretovote check out here go out and vote for freedom tcot romeny latino woman jobtoday is the day that we take america back.. romneyryan2012 nobamaabout to turn my ballot in election2012 rockthevote ivoted rt kalekyemumo wonderful rt suzannaowiyo a pic with president obama holding my 2 albums sometime back..rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..i voted .. hope a win for mittromneyfisk memories 2008 the yard the walk teamobama obama2012oh hey i guess in voting obama2012rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..rt gop ohio early vote down 4.1 in blue county up 14.4 in red- gopmomentum tcot1st time voter ever obama proud instacollage virginvoter lol rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..rt univisionnews follow jordanfabian emily_deruy and uninewspolitics for update on today s election election2012i m not even in america but obama2012rt miss_facetious if obama wasn t running i still wouldn t vote for romney rt paulmccartney paul mccartney sends his support to barackobama thedemocrats election2012 rt verifiedwhitney romney cannot win he don t give a fuck about us. vote for someone who do which is obama voteobama obama2012rt katethegr8_ . barackobama i have just one question for you. are you fired up are you ready to go jesp33rt sadie_pitts i dont think anybody understands that if romney win we re all gunna be put in concentration camp amp endup like the .. americascomebackteam let s do this election2012 electionday mittromney paulryanvp teamromney romneyryan2012 gop romneyresponsert wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012i would prefer to see this ballot bill pullman vs. harrison ford toughchoice election2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt _bobby_boucher_ obama romney bobby boucher election2012going to vote romneyrt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012 nicolesandler i have worn only president obama blue color hoping that would bring good luck obama2012rt _charlelavender rt if your voting for change obama reallotus88 barackobama me to rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt ajelive an ohio auto union leader tell aje s scottheidler a romney presidency would mean an attack on labour ..rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt hadleyk vote obama2012 and get four year with a springsteen and jay-z soundtrack. a romney vote get you meat loaf and the eagle ..so since we all know how important it is to vote remember to take the time to smile like this guy. election2012 rt katyinindy if u believe government owns u amp we work for them voteobama but if you believe we the people own this country amp ..rt westjournalism veteran exposes obama cover-up of benghazi tcotrt malinsworld do not be discouraged by long lines. obama2012 vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote vote ..rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama  election2012 vote like your stranded in benghazi and obama is your lifeline .rt bankrollmarkus romney v obama. the baby know.  the_graff prepare for an hour hope it le election2012 romneyrt lauriebailey i want to go back to the carefree pre-obama day when gas wa 1.85 every one had a job amp it wa good to be a ch ..rt 6luvalentino everyone pray for your future pray for your child s future pray for obama ..rt fuckyeahcbc democracy is coming to the usa. -leonard cohen election2012 vote voteobamart helenzille holding thumb for obama. come on pennsylvania florida nevada and ohio rt mittfatuaion ivoted bill gates admits vaccines used for human depopulation tcot obamacare ha rfid chip ..rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012how early will network call state for obama how long will they wait to call for romney will roseanne win any state election2012voting is like driving a car. to move backwards select r to move forward select d obama2012 vote election2012 obamaif mitt romney becomes president we are all screwed election2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt emmarosehurst what do obama amp chef have in common takeaways. justeatuk rt mbwilkes 11 30 -- no line in precinct 3 arlingtonma election2012 voting at fox library happy electionday have you voted rockthevote election2012i voted you should too obama2012 baby let goo rt bgj128 tonight will be a monumental turning point for our country romneyryan2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom .. election2012 who knew there wa an air force two this is cool news video photo and more in the yahoonews election control room election2012 rt bronxzooscobra don t take your freedom for granted. don t be an asp. vote today. election2012dixville vote with obama n mitt wa a tie come on vote obamart iamkingsmoot mittromney a brighter future is out there waiting for us. let s choose it today. nigga your first name is willard ..rt ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -raslove how obama2012 and voteobama are both trending in ny yes let s talk about inclusivity rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt chiefbrody1984 romney v obama. the baby know. rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama did your school hold a student election what were the result election2012vote. vote a if your country s survival depends on it. it does. election2012 gop2012 romneyryan2012rt tweetwizzard today is electionday usa for all about the obama campaign follow obamawestand again follow obamawestand please rt ..rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt romneyroadteam ohio showing support for the romneyryan2012 ticket rt tscott_2 romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole n .. fergie i have made my choice. my hope is 4 president barackobama 2 get reelected amp get more time 2 turn this.. officially endorsing barackaflockaflame for president - america obama president electiondayrt brittany_kretai if mitt romney is elected for president today that is another tell tale sign that the world is ending. election20 ..obama ftw obama mittromneycansuckabagofdicksrt paulmccartney paul mccartney sends his support to barackobama thedemocrats election2012 rt biasedgirl if you are voting at lunch. let them know you won t be back until you ve voted. voteromney romneyryan2012rt _bobby_boucher_ obama romney bobby boucher election2012rt chrisscagnetti prayin for the mittromney campaign today believeinamerica romneyryan2012obama administration s ties with corrupt mf global and others raise questions romneyryan2012my vote counts obama i wish i hadn t drunk so much coffee before looking at the nytimes. now i m scared nervous and jittery. obama2012 coffee forwardnotbackjust voted for barackobamart gov it s election day cast your vote and follow election2012 from your computer or mobile device. our guide rt scottbeale rt lheron posting a pic of your ballot on social medium in some state that s illegal. election2012please stop posting yall ballets cause obama2012 went down 3 and thats the shit i dont likei am very very confident in mittromney but fellow supporter must remember there are a lot of really really stupid people in this worldno amp no rt kingsville1 crabblue just voted for mittromney dbongino amp nancyjacobs romney2012 rt yay how about 6 amp 7 just curious pretty bitch just be having their way with society.. i bet ya could vote twice if you wanted. election2012rt rozannapurcell hope everyone is watching rtetoday were talking all thing obama sandy and of course irishmammiesrt kush_nmyswisher rt youngjeezy my first term i sang al green.. in my second term i m going with young jeezy. barackobama rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt bdayspring in pa12 - democrat rep. mark critz is in full meltdown mode threatens to put his foot up his opponent s.. ..i voted today did you election2012 govote civicduty itsyourright dontwasteit romneyryan2012 preside this. obama2012 rt tamarbraxtonher get your life amp vote obama2012 rt overyander_ but you rich tho rt realdonaldtrump before you vote think obama want to raise tax mittromney want to lower ta ..rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 .. earthtomoz those picture made me cry good time with barackobamai voted for barackobamart sandtown_quron mitt romney losing in massachusetts a state that he governed. why vote for him when his own people don t want him .. fillwerrell i m predicting obama will take an early lead tomorrow.. until all the republicans get off work. romneyryan2012 i wish nc had really cool voting stickers..but ala i ll proudly wear my little red white and blue oval election2012 ronniejordan anybody who s ever gotten financial aid for college should be voting for obama2012 rt michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. ..rt markbazer nixonland author rick perlstein on the gop s lie obama s error and what s at stake today. ele ..we ready for a change let the man shine obamart chavezz i really want obama to win the election romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole nation obama2012 rt demarko_gage mitt romney wa born with money he doesn t know the struggle. barack obama understands american. teamobama obama201 ..drink of choice today barodka. barackobama that s not copyrighted yet but we could do some serious business. give me a call bovoting is your american right and duty. go vote mittromney paulryanvp romneyryan2012hopefully barackobama winrt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. mo oomzee barackobama bazzatron i know youve got alot on your plate but a follow wouldnt go a miss my old pal ive been loyal for 2 year rt _so_special rt naypoppington voteobama and obama2012 are trending throughout the us romney s nowhere on the tt board. i ha .. truedat rt lolgop the candidate who know that if every citizen can vote they ll lose romneyryan2012 rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt preciousliberty romney successfully worked w 85 democratic ma legislature gt needed in washington virgin ..rt huffingtonpost rt if you are voting today election2012 mittromney gov como in ny is allowing ny r in the disaster area vote at any poll station they want is that fair can they vote 2today i voted in memory of the 4 men who sacrificed everything in libya. for barackobama to do nothing romneyryan2012 tcoti m hate republican whores. hope this line move fast obama2012 votenomatterwhatmake sure to take the time to vote today your voice matter election2012voter 189 at oakland tech. obama2012 vote i m glad to see people supporting obamasarah silverman let my people vote 2012 - get nana a gun uselections fraude obama licencetokillrt defeatobama12 pro-life voters motivated to stop obama s abortion agenda danmcconchie aulaction romneyryan2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt usahipster never forget video michelle obama say to barack at ground zero all this for a damn flag .. v ..rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012the only thing bad about mail-in voting is the lack of sticker. romneyryan2012rt holynameprov an election day prayer from the u.s. conference of catholic bishops via danhoranofm election2012rt tscott_2 romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole n ..rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012photo thebrookelynway election day no really gobama . vaginamonoleague obama rt ajelive an ohio auto union leader tell aje s scottheidler a romney presidency would mean an attack on labour ..rt misslisadawnd educate yourself amp read rt huffingtonpost what is the electoral college how it work amp why it matter htt ..for those not near a tv later aereotv is providing free streaming from 6pm on to tune in to election2012 online.rt theofficialkaya hey mittromney don t forget to voteobama  marissa_lynn13 s shirt gt gt gt gt obama2012i cast my vote make sure you cast your ballot election2012rt hanskenny gonna be so totally butt hurt if mitt loses romneyryan2012rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..love my freedom to vote election2012 early poll show romney behind. plenty of time. right wing christian bigot don t really get outdoors for another couple hour obama2012rt dollarboyz voteobamathiselection obama2012 to obama2016 awesome video done by dollarboyz worlds largest entertainment company ..can t wait to see mitt win tonight. this election not even gonna be close. romneyryan2012rt traceellisross i love voting i love seeing my neighbor at the polling place obama2012 barackobama vote2012i voted.. have you gone out to vote today electionday teamobama election2012 everyvotecounts exerciseyourvoice rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama note to obama - quit complaining about how bad a mess you inherited. you lobbied for the job and you failed. time for a change. nobamaat home sick but managed to make it to the poll - no sticker here in tx though. bummer election2012biden suggests he ll be on the ballot again vice president joe biden ha cast his vote in the 20.. wtp2010 tcot nikkiglaser if you voted for obama you wont be doing that tomorrow romneyryan2012rt lilduval . mittromney so u not gon reply huh u ain t tryn to be presidentrt tallgrlprblms happy election day tall girls govote election2012rt yvettenbrown be forewarned. rt lheron posting a pic of your ballot on social medium in some state that s illegal. ..rt gabby_hoffman who s excited to defeat obamunism rt if you re voting or have voted for romneyryan2012 tcot barackobama please rt mcg_christopher acting a a hallop3 political correspondent fra vippestaten wisconsin tusen takk tuvafellman og jkaarstad oba ..if you need a reminder about why this election is important. election2012 vote sitting in the library..really debating if i should study..to get a higher education..because to obama that doesn t matter. romneyryan2012encouraging people to vote who on their own would not is blatantly unpatriotic. election2012 dontvotedummyrt realtonyrocha tony please use your twitter influence to help turn out the vote. via barackobama my great pleasure mr. presiden ..rt bluegrasspundit to my libertarian follower i understand the concept of a protest vote but today isn t the time. tlot tcotrt usahipster pic where wa obama when ambassador stevens and 3 patriots were murdered never forget. vote romneyryan2012 ..just because the economy today isn t the greatest it could be the answer isn t always the other candidate. obama2012today i fulfilled my patriotic duty and voted for our president. it s a good feeling. 4 more year barackobama teamobamart garnerpartyof9 save our shit vote for mitt mittromneyhey everyone vote today obama2012 obama bitchrt tprettywalk just voted obama  obama2012 keep it going evalongoria i know you would like this  carlsbark1ey they see me rollin..they hatin .. romneyryan2012 americascomebackteam rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012just found dis out yesturday so i had to go stamp obama clear eye full heart america can t lose romneyryan2012 mittromney vote2012people are waiting for 4 hour for voting in florida election2012 omg rt its_caitlyn_joy vote for the person not the party. electionday election2012rt iobey_histongue my president is black ..rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt iilluminateyou i need all my followers to rt this dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known can you out-campaign obama and become president ipad app prime candidate can prove your skill if i wa to vote today i d vote for barackobama. 4moreyearsdon t forget to go vote workthatpoll obama2012rt agentm thank jengrunwald for making this i voted sticker featuring captainamerica election2012we re by your side today obama2012 forwardrt richfeldman i m voting for big bird and vaginas. obama2012rt globalpost . motherjones is mapping voter suppression and poll problem election2012rt chelseawithasea if you haven t voted yet what the heck are you waiting for get out there and vote flakeforsenate right now ..rt fixedframe bewitched bothered and bewildered am i. but i did vote. tinnysayswhat election2012 u should writeinronpaul because he is theonlyonewecantrust - gt govote tlot ucla ucchico c4liberty yalibertyrt ap election watch pregnant chicago woman doesn t let being in labor stop her from voting election2012 -rascalling an election that s too close to call powerline election2012rt ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -rasrt tnyankeefan35 good job by obama almost a many people went on food stamp versus job created what a joke romneyryan2012 letsg ..rt emagine_ fuck u mittromney lilcantrelle darian_jai im not paying more for college thank you obama2012 broke as nobody ask you to comment  barackobama i vote for you no-class obama snubs 2011 world series champion st louis cardinals romneyryan2012rt zztro if ur voting for mittromney take pictures of your ballot lmaort david_w_ross the world is watching today. as rupaul would say.. don t fuck it up vote obamart itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt judydarnell i know it s hard amp time consuming to vote but don t give up your vote count election2012 gotv forward ohio obama2012 obamaforohio rt rightforlife my wife registered dem voted 4 mittromney today. 1st time she ha ever voted gop love her amp very proud gotv ..rt ashkashbgash7 i voted early so now i m just playing the waiting game. if you haven t exercised your right to vote you have until 7 ..i hate physics.. amp the thought of having to take 1 more class almost make me cringe more than thinking of romney becoming president..just voted for my man obamart thehill head of united auto workers alleges dirty trick by mittromney camp in ohio by cmunozthehilltouch me barackobama. marklevinshow interviews richardmourdock 1 32 mark insen inelect12 ingov fortwayne evansville indiana tcotrt vrwctexan newblackpantherparty member in uniform spotted at same philadelphia polling station tcotvote romney. just kiddingrt snazzymamakara guess liberal took an extra dose of psycho this morning. sigh. election2012rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt kevrmoore just voted for the vision of our founding father and rejected the european nightmare. voted for mittromney paulryanvp ..rt cloewearsjeans attention people spread the word obama2012 rt dgjackson gov with his i voted sticker. romneyryan2012 i voted have you find your polling location and go southasianvote iamhere vote2012 election2012 sambogina hoffmanjacob52 i dont see the big deal obama mittromney i hope it s fair game to both of y all. good luck.your voice your vote election2012 rt heeatsisuckwe69 if you are registered to vote go vote obama2012rt _madeinduval aye mittromney i ll fuck your bitchrt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt jcoxx_hoop if i said team romney every body on my tl would be ready to fight were the picture ettrt ronniejordan anybody who s ever gotten financial aid for college should be voting for obama2012 anncoulter dems say we all have the right to vote. we also have a right to vote with intimidation by the black panthers romneyryan2012i am really looking forward to social medium tonight. election2012rt hughsaan running away to new orleans tomorrow. wonder what america i ll land in. voteobama election2012did you nigga vote obama2012 do we have the ability to predict the next president of the united states using twitter analysis election2012 govotei decided to vote while it might not count in the big picture i am going to maximize my constitutional right. election2012rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012 joebiden we voted and converted 4 democrats to go gop. rt lissetteestrada gopblackchick barackobama he owes latinos of all race an apology for doing nothing for immigration reform. go r .. yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama ilygo vote even if it s not for obama. obama2012 gobama obamamama university of denver rt ap election watch if you make car in detroit the odds are that you have today off election2012 -rasmissouri s claire mccaskill trying to hold todd akin at bay election2012 womani wish i could vote for barackobama hipechik course they can. no one has a job. rt barackobama if he can find the time to make call today so can you  obama2012 all the wayi voted early. go vote election2012rt realdonaldtrump before you vote think obama want to raise tax mittromney want to lower taxes--need i say more another florida ohio can hold provisional vote up to ten days. this being such a close race that can be the difference. election2012 barackobama prettytoday is the day to vote you have a voice and a choice whatever it may be use your voice election2012 rt momsrising today s the day let s use our outside voice vote pls rt to spread the friendly reminder to vote ..looking forward to icon then a long night watching the race for potus barackobama for a second term come on rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama i wish the world could vote for the election obama camdashit showing my ballot bruh election2012 real tear don t forget to go vote today seniors voice need to be heard let s get america back electionday romneyryan2012 teamromney mittromney thing is chrysler gm shouldn t rely on govt to make themselves competitive should they it all come dwn 2 leadershiprt commonpatriot via itmakessense panic in the obama camp the landslide is starting tcotbabies for obama aka my mom went to dnc2012 rt lesliee__ i m voting for cady heron because she pushed regina george in front of the bus. sorryimnotsorry election2012 elec ..just imagine if romney win the election god forbid . how fucked up would that be go obama obama2012 uselectionswho do you predict will win the 2012 presidential election obama retweet or romney favorite rt ofa_nc the poll are officially open in north carolina. let s win four more year for barackobama ..just voted for mittromney mittmittmitt obama2012 let s continue to make a change..just finished my first ever presidential vote obamaso just to clarify is this where i vote election2012 rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012one is the loneliest number that you ll ever do three dog night gotv election2012  obama another 4rt virgiltexas if obama gets reelected i swear i m moving to check list of country more libertarian than the us trans-somalian di ..turns out romney ha a house in every color except white. he s just trying to complete the collection people. election2012currently waiting on my craigslist escort to show up so i have lady part to vote with. tcot p2 electionthis is it vote smartly people.. romneyryan2012 election2012 voteromneyrt seriouslybjones standing on this enormous line to vote stonybrooku w aannajjane harriboii and brianobangin sbvotes12 obama2012rt _eastsidenut my president is black ..rt clubtrillion . barackobama amp mittromney i m selling my crucial ohio vote to highest bidder. bidding start at 1 chipotle burr ..rt jengrunwald didn t get an i voted sticker here i made this for you election2012 captainamerica  vote obama election romeny love instagood california cute me tbt photooftheday in white house spotted on the street of denver this morning. ofa_co firedup obama2012 election2012 bout to exercise my right to vote romneyryan2012nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012rt leftfootfwd obama v romney your election night guide to what state to watch and when election2012 usa barackobama we ve got your back dude. four more years voting machine problem in pa votepa blackbox election2012 protectthevotert thejarrodgreen if she voted for romney she s clearly a gold digger electionday2012 obamathat feel very very good rt crazyupinhurr first feel good story of the day. this gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt gt tcotsupporting at work wearingred wearingromneyonmyheart romneyryan2012 here come the first result from dixville notch. obama 5 vote romney 5 votert brycewag polls are open in all 50 states. govote election2012 makeyourvoiceheardrt conservative_vw lol i m predicting obama will take an early lead today .. until all us taxpayers get off work romneyryan2 ..rt excusemypretti we ready for damn change so yall let the man shine obamahahaha joe biden just trumped mittromney with air force 2 hahahadear god make paulryanvp go away. he is highly irritating to so many people. the world is watching president obama win rt bluegrasspundit to my libertarian follower i understand the concept of a protest vote but today isn t the time. tlot tcotdressing in red white and blue today. but mostly red. romneyryan2012 hannamuhlenkamp you have problems with politics too im not the only one election2012watching election2012 coverage from my home in orlando i did vote last week please get out and vote is our right rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012go vote obama2012 obama2012 obama2012rt stevenertelt national right to life pro-lifers must vote for mitt romney romneyryan2012 barackobama you got this smusab stop saying ur leaving if obama romney win 4 3rd world country. ur unthankful spoiled as won t last a day. election2012 amen voted for the first time today obama electionday vote voting at garrett park elementary school rt scottarobison proud to cast my vote today for mittromney and patmccrorync danforestncrt campaignsosa300 my president is black ..rt joyshaney famoushumor my president is black my twitter is blue. i m voting for obama the f ck romney gonna do obama2012 rt iilluminateyou say goodbye to college foreign student n people who can t afford college romneyrt lexiebonjangels mittromney i hate you bitch i hope you don t winrt kevinhart_jr if you haven t voted go vote obama2012i hope everyone go and vote today. i don t care who you re voting for just vote voteobama voteromney election2012rt mrs_uno_rere no class today but omw out to make a difference obama2012 obama2012 barackobama a sure shot win .you r going to get.rt biasedgirl if you are voting at lunch. let them know you won t be back until you ve voted. voteromney romneyryan2012class canceled because of election day. love my democratic professors. obama2012rt m_ignatieff here s who i d be voting for today if i could election2012rt dailydot the best i voted sticker yet by jengrunwald election2012rt msnolarose i can t vote this year but i m still supporting my nigga obamaabove-the-law obama rejects solyndra scandal subpoena romneyryan2012romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama  mittromney friendly reminder to vote obama2012 just voted for barackobama because now insurance company cannot disqualify me for coverage because of my disability.america holds it breath election day ty aaenemies lt gt lt gt undecided politics election2012 ivoted tcot ohio wi raye_no_j 2ballss they ran out of ballot in clinton township michigan wow election2012 seriously yeah at some precinctrt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt psfk no excuse not to vote uber offering free ride amp zipcar giving 50 off today election2012 day  gdeuceswild followed you because i saw you on the romneyryan2012 ticker. take back america one vote at a timert liars_never_win dear obama rioters. i am locked and loaded. please make my day tcot emptychairrt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt 2012mitt obama plan on leaving america weak and vulnerable. i m voting romney. mitt2012rt trickortreak mitt romney gonna take away water cup from chipotle haha obama2012i just voted the wait wa only an hour but it wa worth it obama2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama i voted and no one gave me a sticker. obama2012 4moreyearsyes we can remember so get out there and vote obama nation every vote count you live here in the unite rt heykim election2012 if you live in these states it s illegal to instagram your ballot whoever going to vote for myth romney i hope they finger break when they go to do it allten obama2012 forwardrt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..rt univisionnews follow jordanfabian emily_deruy and uninewspolitics for update on today s election election2012rt knight1510 polls are packed here on the central coast of california praying for elizabethemken amp mittromney rt alyssa_ac make sure you vote today obama rt ryangop breitbart election judge wears obama hat in obama s home ward illegalelectioneering tcot krisbeckham hi barackobama how is the voting going guess you are on course any issue regard stealing of ballot box leggo we are loving this american flag themed bedroom who say you can t be patriotic all year round election2012 rt reallilmouse niggas stand in line for dumb shit like jordan s lil b concerts and call of duty go vote obama2012rt twiloguy73 gaywars yes gay and i voted for romneyryan2012 my boyfriend s gay too and he voted for mitt. goproud peterpasi barackobama i keep it real..rt usahipster dear clint eastwood - pls make benghazi movie amp tell americans the truth abt obama ordering military 2 stand down .. mlive many business offer election day discount but some deal may be illegal mivote election2012 ba207get out and vote obama rt pitbull get out there and make a difference in our country dalee ponte la pila election2012 votert jasmine_jenene today is the day we find out who our new president is lt lt lt gt gt gt i hope everyone that wa able to vote ..can it possible be real that olympics sheikh mittromney could possibly with the us election lord give me strength. electionday2012i m reading some funny as tweet today election2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012time to win ohio. romneyryan2012rt fwforamerica bill nelson voted for obamacare tarp and the stimulus. rt to tell your friend bill nelson is bad for florida flse .. barackobama yes bo is right. it describes the smell of his presidency and lack of leadership and utter failure everywhere.fairly clear realdonaldtrump feel that his interest are represented by mittromney. there is the answer to your question.i m one happy voter obama govote need a big victory v gop evote fraud tx4rt twstdfishy vote hard statistic obama ha 92.2 chance of winning nate fivethirtyeight give democrats a lt 50 chance to retain a senate majority p2 gop teaparty tlot tcoti voted.. did you vote election election12 election2012 rockmyvote rockthevote ig manahawkin nj  mittromney- you just wait and see. you say you love a nation so free. mr. romney you are no guarantee. obama2012what s really at stake in election 2012 election2012 independents moderate centrist tcot p2 topprog hispanicsrt surfdub hundreds of fraudulent voter registration identified in florida fl - gop-backed firm responsible demsrt romneycentral my closing argument and this ain t just rhetoric mitt2012rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole .. repost stop posting the pic election2012 obama2012 vote denise claytor 62 of ohio say she voted for obama because romney doesn t have the interest of all the american people in mind. rt kelejohnson this romneyryan2012 tcot fuck romney. you know damn well u don t even vote. smdh. you need to go open your eye amp go vote obama. rt miss_facetious michelle obama is without a shred of doubt my personal favorite first lady. her fight for american youth is unmat ..my president is black bitch obama2012don t instagram your ballot election2012 instagramrt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012just voted mr. president you got my vote..n took a picture with the mayor.. team barackobama my morning couldn t have been any better than this firsttimevote romney ryan12 304 starbucks rt sabsousa can someone vote for obama for me i m canadian. election2012 obama2012the day before election day. 11 5 12 storify decision2012 obama thesomewhatfinishedproduct ericchurchforpresident because the other 2 are fucking stupid. election2012 obama i voted early this morn.. feeling great rt iwent_to__jared mitt s the tit election2012 romneyryani can t vote but can i still get that cool necklace barackobamamakes me happy that when my poli science teacher asks who voted for romney amp almost the entire class raise their hand. romneyryan2012 realdonaldtrump good. you two can cry on each other s shoulder win mitt loses obama2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt shitguysdntsay if obama is the answer it must be a shitty question romneyryan2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012retweet this if you are voting for mittromney today to get this country back on track good luck barackobama for tonight. you deserve to win. i hope you win and get re-eleceted. vote obama ydsmgofficial iamyoungdsouljai shot some time-lapse video of my trip to the new hampshire polls. election2012 vote via youtubei just cast my ballot for barack if you have not cast your vote yet get up and go vote. obama2012 voteobama2012vote for barackobama voteobamajust been and voted for obama uselectioni voted. obama2012 4moreyears crossingmyfingers by the time i wake up i want all my follower 2 be done voted so we can tu 2night obamamyy ride to goo vote teamobama obama vote voter fraud report it if you see it i just did. election2012rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolrt jamices everyone complaining about how this country need change. why would we vote for the same guy then romneyryan2012my latest article in the national newspaper on the impact of obama re-election or romney presidency on mideast  gt join the new revolution now at pls rt tcot teaparty ctxpac barackobama luff you obamamy grandpa s ole white redneck country confederate flag loving as voted for obama sorrynotsorryif you not voting for barackobama you a true opp gogirls rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012i can t believe luke skywalker hamillhimself is pro-obama. i guess vader did succeed turning him 2 the dark side. romneyryan2012i m ready for today to be over so the result can be heard amp 4moreyears can be announced obama forgeteverybodyelseppl are ignorant just because i m black doesn t mean i m going to vote obama . i m voting obama because he s the better candidate.students gather to vote at st. paul s on mcallister election2012 rt fashiondiva1984 i saw nothing but romney ryan sign everywhere and only 3 for the president just great i voted happily today ro ..rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012 barackobama i think it s amazing that he actually take his time and talk with voters. much respect respect lethomassen was there even another candidate oh right that cardboard boring flip-floppy guy and his p-90x assistant. i voted obama rt joh_walley c mon obama you got this obama2012 obama 8years straight get out and vote hmm ifkr rt osofo_moko i can see u re very lonely and bored rt asvp_kwesi uncle barackobama kindly follow backdear everyone if your candidate doe not win please don t air your emotion on my feed. thank you. election2012it s lunchtime in florida. this is an important election for franchising. if you haven t done so already go vote election2012vote your passion today or at least your conscience. election2012 gt join the new revolution now at pls rt tcot teaparty ctxpacrt _kryse_ yess rt theofficialkaya hey mittromney don t forget to voteobama 5 unforgettable social media election moments forbes socialmedia election2012 homosexual agenda marriagedefence gay columnist let s face it we want to indoctrinate child .. tcot ohcotget out there and vote today barackobama 2012 rt ofa_nc getting ready to take your lunch break take some co-worker with you and go vote for barackobama http ..rt urbaninsuburbia vote vote vote today it doesn t matter if you bleed red or blue just go out and exercise your right election2012rt redstate evangelicals are key to romney win in ohio tcot rsrt prairiehaley if you don t vote today your right to complain about anything political over the next four year is invalidated. vot ..if you can vote go out and do so 4 more year people let s get it done obama2012rt realmalikgarner obama2012 letsmoveforward not backwords mittromney early voted time for some r amp r rt usahipster never forget obama ge and soros outsourced usa jobs to china and brazil. these job will never come back. vote romney ..get out and vote getglue election2012rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..rt chiefbrody1984 romney v obama. the baby know. rt kbdphd awkward_duck fear and faith cannot dwell in the same place vote election2012rt _bobby_boucher_ obama romney bobby boucher election2012just voted at my precinct bay county main library. no wait. 298 have voted there already today. election2012 regardless of who win i feel like all anyone want is a better economy more opportunity amp a better america. roadto270 election2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012my second time in 4 year voting for obama. vote friend obama2012 rt barbzillaa romney. romney. romney. romney. romney. romney. romney. romney. romney. romney. romney. romney. romney. romney. romney. .. foxnewssunday anchor chris wallace say pa might be a better bet for romney than ohio. election2012voting in the hood w m67smith amp ag457 democracy election2012 hollywood ca top 25 reasons to vote 18 show the power of the youth voice can we once again decide this election reasonstovote election2012 obama obama obama obama oh oh oh obama obama obama obama ya diggi m voting for regina georgia. because she got hit by that bus. election2012rt chrisloesch heard rand paul on with glennbeck earlier today. he is firm in his support of toddakin amp mittromney paintitred ..rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012the only reason you people like romney is because he s white amp yal hate to see a smart black man in charge .. obama2012  shondarhimes took me over an hr but ivoted in va election2012 vote2012 swingstate i voted guy election2012 electionday makeadifference obama wa the first black president but mitt romney could be the second cunt president obamart zztro if mittromney wins i call the side of the cotton field with the most shade rt zztro if mittromney wins i call the side of the cotton field with the most shade rt barackosame rt mittromney vote for obamart irresistibledee romneys dad ran for president in 68 amp didn t make. lets let history repeat it self noromney obama2012 2termsrt nigelluvsciara ciara amp csquad need to make sure they vote - obamahappy election day everyone get out there and make your voice heard election2012rt legendaryredd5 bill clinton wa a pimp obama smoke that dro obamart usahipster never forget. barackobama banned american flag from his press conferences. vote romneyryan2012 ultra-corrupt nancy pelosi cashes in on credit card regulations she helped craft romneyryan2012rt dntburnurbridge no stupidity rt imjus_kia take deep breath obama2012 rt brittd1178 everybody get out and vote so we can get ..i just made romney noodle obama self for lunch electiondayrt lifesalyric the only bad decision in voting this election2012 is not voting osama bin laden is dead and general motors is alive. obamadone. ivoted obama2012 teamobama happy election day friend hit those polling place election2012rt miss_facetious if obama wasn t running i still wouldn t vote for romney rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama  mittromney sorry but i voted for obama no line at the polls. feels good. obama2012im still fired up i can t eat or sleep after this is over a big feast romneyryan2012 fireherewecome integity bestforloveofcountry rt nwjerseyliz paulryanvp i did vote for a better future obama2012 election2012rt soccerprobs1 repost this on your instagram and tag obama so people that don t know will stop posting ballot picture smh ..today will test the theory once you go black you never go back election2012rt clubtrillion . barackobama amp mittromney i m selling my crucial ohio vote to highest bidder. bidding start at 1 chipotle burr ..rt courtneyalyssa8 collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp im over here like i love luke bryan e ..go get your vote on. election2012the obama s inevitable meme it s a crock via unifiedpatriots tcotrt x_dopenessa by tonight . we will have a new president obama rt ashleylynn520 so who are you voting for douchebag1 or douchebag2 election2012 i love how this shit is setup.. not rt mtvjams lmao-- rt ecooley3rd just heard romney say if he president that he will take away bet mtv jam and stephen a smith off ..follow this real time facebook voting map election2012woo eeyy election day is hectic. takeabreather ofa_fl barackobamart therock before i vote - final question.. who wake up first and start kickin as before sunrise mittromney or barackobama cincrt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama it s my right to vote. government choice to make me wait more than a couple hour to exercise my right. electionday still voting romneyhave republicans been able to name one substantive difference between romney and bush yet forward obama2012 vote romnesiawhere s the compassion mitt aca romney election chronicillness autoimmune healthcaredo you remember who got barackobama firedup watch here rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt billdixonish driving on a paved road to publicly funded elementary school to vote for gary johnson is probably bittersweet for libe ..i hope barack fails today. tcot votert yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama y df is romney in pittsburgh nigga we dnt lyk you rt entmagazine young entrepreneurs weigh in on the 2012 presidential election by ericshapiro3 election2012s o to everybody voting for the 1st time salute election2012rt avaaz what will it mean for the world if romney win election2012did you election2012 obama biden vote 1st st bridge  maganoo how doe it feel to be fought over like this in battlegroundstate ohio romney biden and ryan are here nowamericans are moderate and mitt romney will win via wtcommunities romneyryan2012 heritage i can t vote but all frenchyforromney say goromney romneyryan2012  mittromney if u win we will all go broke and your daughter will have to marry a drug dealing black guythe nightmare is almost over go vote and happy election2012rt notcockyjussexy whatever y all do. do not post a pic of your ballot. it s illegal your vote will not count. let s think smart. k ..rt jacobcharris i m going to get off of twitter before i get upset.. election2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012when obama take the presidency chair they should rename usa to obamastan obama2012in election2012 vote against vouchers. dr. suess would obamalet s go obamart socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt iilluminateyou i need all my followers to rt this dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known . thedemocrats barackobama we are america and america is us the next four years obama2012 rt followcassandra kevinknocke barackobama awesome awesome i would have voted for obama without a doubt if i lived in the states ..rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known if you agree rt happy re-election day voteobama election2012calling all travel advocates. help spread the word.. votetravel decision2012 election2012rt jverified moving forward obamaif anybody asks me who i voted for ima just say who the fuck you think i voted for..the nigga who legalized weed duuhh lbvs.. obamahappy election day. voteobama forward obama2012the joy and ritual of voting my thought on the election today election2012 rbreich voted for obama just now obama2012there s also a guy who changed his name to pro-life - per c_good - election2012 rt ronniejordan ppl are voting against their own interest just cause the pres. is black..if that ain t racist idont know what is.. .. teaparty group accusing ohio of voterfraud got blasted for forging signatures bi_lawandorder brisigiggles choose obama2012 or hitler 2the election ha taken over twitter bahahaha election2012i vote if guy have nice body they can t wear shirts. and only i can touch. election2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt bluedupage slain former seal used in stump speech thought romney was pathetic friend romneyryan2012 mit ..just one of the reasons.. via imgur vote election2012rt taylor_anne327 romneyryan2012 romneyryan2012 romneyryan2012 romneyryan2012 romneyryan2012 romneyryan2012 romneyryan2012 rom ..rt mixedgirlbarbie if you get re elected can you put the big macs on the dollar menu barackobamago vote obama2012kaye burley s done well getting put in vegas for the election2012 coverage rt stahvee_ yo mittromney dont forget to vote obama2012rt realmoneymitch_ dont make a mittstake vote obamaalso if you are voting in va remember to vote yes on question 1 in favor of property rights. voteromney romneyryan2012i think romney is feeling desperate right now. obama2012. vote bcuz ur life depends on it.vote for the ultra cool gangster thug that talks like a white guy. vote obama -- voteobama romney obamapolls show obama as a clear favorite in a close race election2012alright ohio. make smart choices. romneyryan2012 solodolotonio__ if obama loose he lost because of ignorant niggas last call the 10 worst medium gaffe of election 2012 starring barackobama mittromney and many others electionearly exit poll indicate independent voter are splitting 2-to-1 in favor of coke over pepsi. rc cola a distant 3rd. election2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt united_ignited insanity doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. obama failed move forward to r ..rt bbcnewsus the economy iran healthcare abortion - what would romney and obama do differently on key us election2012 issue ht ..may not have heard but it election day go vote romneyryan2012still don t know how you ll vote there s still time check out a sample election2012 ballot for your area and vote rt tiffannyedwards praying for my country today romneyryan2012when you go to the poll today even if you can t vote pray for america and for the right choice to be made. election2012 vote2012breaking news mitt romney elected president. dems sue in federal court and win. polls open through saturday or until obama wins. tcotrt iobey_histongue my president is black ..i just did my part to keep tennessee red and put mittromney in the white house now to spend lunch making call to battleground state and let s not forget the machine installed by ambitious romney son. voterfraud robocalls democracy rt christineod romney wa already up 92 00 vote in oh before poll opened election2012 campaign2012 2012 barackobama haters gonna hate i love you bbyrt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt paulryanvp . mittromney amp i have a real plan that put america back on track. vote today for the real recovery america deserves ..rt jlyoungsma haters gonna hate. election2012 rt jewelisabieber i wish i could vote obama2012obama e ha told the truth throughout his campaign unlike romney he doesnt have a five point plan nor a plan at all barackobama rt virgiltexas if obama gets reelected i swear i m moving to check list of country more libertarian than the us trans-somalian di ..i have a feeling mr.freizer is probably the happiest man alive today election2012anyone who doesn t know obama is anti-american anti-christian neo-marxist amp pro-islamist undecided election2012 dems jesus pray votert dgjackson gov working on tonight s speech on the plane a we fly to ohio. romneyryan2012 rt sofakingsexii ivoted election2012 obama yes america can rt ofa_nc 8 hour left to reelect barackobama and keep this country moving forward. don t wait voteobama obama.. thatisall rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt ajelive an ohio auto union leader tell aje s scottheidler a romney presidency would mean an attack on labour .. barackobama we voted.. but not for you  irina_isf barackobama this is the most ridiculous we are never gonna be enemy again. never we believe in oneworldtogether isfremember when romney divided the gop with his criminal act at the rnc u didn t pay attention then your about 2 c the result obama socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012americans are moderate and mitt romney will win via wtcommunities romneyryan2012i voted did you vote obama for lgbt right and if u want a real amp honest potus obama2012 barackobama michelleobamart scienceofsin super obamaniacs vote in virginia. let s get er done vaforobama vote barackobama katyperry  seanhannity what would happen if there wa a mittromney mural or even a bumper sticker at a designated voting place i would vote but fuckit weyoung if your over 18 who are you voting for obama2012 romney2012i voted obama brotherskeeper goodmoring hey america go and vote hope you people make the right decision romney put the douche in douchebagrt benpatrick90069 i love the barackobama govchristie bromance bipartisan compassion hurricanesandy rt fortunemagazine meet obama s best friend at goldmansachs  voteobama is promoted on twitter today mittloses obama2012i voted for katy heron because she pushed her electionday election2012 energy independence and security a reality check election2012  obama s promise for next 4 year is similar to the one he made to the sandy victims. all word no action. romney vote debate ratchet4l barackobama take notes.did you election2012 obama biden vote rt king617 vote obama midufinga teamobama deathrow records lmao it s here. getglue election2012rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..rt carlyagrifolio why give someone presidency who hasn t done anything in the past 4 year what make you think he s gonna change ro ..a couple of cool election2012 site apps ha a full election page and the banjo app cover individual cities.robert kennedy jr. s company cashed in on 1.4 billion taxpayer bailout romneyryan2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama our vp joebiden came home to vote today s o to delaware yeah desperate housewives you tell that volunteer how much she suck classy election2012campaigns embrace bigdata algorithms amp mobile tech good industry read for election2012 tcc12. mittromney dont worry broski i m voting like 20 time for you rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..i m anxious yet confident that minnesota and the nation will do the right thing today. votenotwice obama2012rt usahipster never forget. obama gave order for military to stand down and let ambassador stevens and others die romneyryan2012 htt ..here s a refresher on obama and romney s proposal for any undecided election2012 voter out there rt conservative_vw almost there uninstalling barackobama 1.0 99 complete today we vote him out drive someone ..rt timsondrup i voted for the party that didn t boo god at their convention. tcotrt journalgirl pattonoswalt literal interpretation of tweet. election2012 rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012because gop only win by gerrymander and cheating henryadecker why is ohio making it so hard to vote rt bronxzooscobra don t take your freedom for granted. don t be an asp. vote today. election2012rt boss_baybee0216 __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama rt hunt_me_down there is no right answer on a ballot..worry about your own vote and not everyone else s. election2012 everyvotecountsrt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..i hope i vote for the correct liar. election2012 electiondayrt cafcofficial on the two occasion that cafc have played on the same night a a us election the republicans have won mw electio ..i love how people just forget that we got into the recession while under bush. election2012. jeremybird if u want our support for a barackobama agenda in 2013 dont screw u by disabling election night event on rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..when amp were to vote in johnston today iowademocrats iahousedemocrat ia_dems barackobama obama2012wow you wouldn t believe what is happening down at your local polling place go check it out people election2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt fran_tarkenton voting is the foundational act that breathes life into the principle of the consent of the governed. -deforest soar ..rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt rolltide_365 don t play the race card it s got nothin to do wit the candidate skin color but instead who is gonna help america m ..rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..we really find out who our president is tonight obamashut up hoe rt realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan2012 vote2012 vote rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt itstycun __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama let s make ..voted for barackobama yet here s a quick and easy way to tell everyone on twitter you voted  anndromney mittromney we are hoping and praying for a great day and a big win today take a moment breathe deeply and punch a chad out vote election2012did you vote today it s your revolution. listen to revolutions children by rawmojo via soundcloud election2012 realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan2012 vote2012 vote yep i smell a cuntrt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..black people obama2012 white people romney2012 rt fergie i have made my choice. my hope is 4 president barackobama 2 get reelected amp get more time 2 turn this country around. ..rt michelleobama today is the day we re-elect barackobama it s going to be a good one  collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012  why rt louisxii_ you just a ugly a him bitch rt goshawty123 omfg i love you mitt please follow me my king mittromney rt immaddiecarroll important day for our country vote people election2012rt dgjackson gov with his i voted sticker. romneyryan2012 i voted just flaunting my influence like a true influenster. election2012our candidate will move our nation forward into a bright energy future votenatgas election2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama straight like that.. from agentpisces. obama2012 getyolife did your school make the list mittromney grovectycollege byu hillsdale hardingu cofohardworku tamu auburnui have faith though .. obama gt gt gt gt rt joe_covey wow -- gt rt shannonsteidl front page of ny post today lnyhbt romneyryan2012 rt dcdebbie i m voting for obama rt if you support obama2012. elections2012please go out in vote it s really important to take part if you don t know who.. let me just give you an opinion .. obama2012 obamart twhaines in concord maireaddunphy meet state sen. sylvia larsen more election2012 report ..rt dhrxsol1234 omg..deja vous cartoon wa in the 1934 chicago tribune. look carefully at lower left corner tco ..headin back to beckley to vote romneyryan2012voting for barackobama and elizabethforma when i get home..i voted did you election2012romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole nation obama2012 rt itsnotasin tomorrow is the day to do it if you haven t already obama obama2012 election vote dear ohio don t screw this up. sincerely non-swing states election2012 abbyrasminsky download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama20124 hour at my polling station.. worthit romneyryan2012  tonyzerucha cjob68 barackobama they might a well change the avi to a pc symbol. why pretend you see both side of thing mediahacksis it weird that right now i care more about the american election than the political going on in my own country voteobama election2012rt campaignsosa300 my president is black ..election day in boca and these romneyryan2012 supporter are flooding the place tcot sayfie maybe i am wearing my election day outfit. obama2012rt raulmanuel come on barackobama forward yes we still can all the good luck possible from spain. and if you lose please come he ..rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama do it for america today voice your opinion. vote ballot merica obama picstitch romney obamney dem rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known rt scottoncapecod glennbeck gotta love the new york post.. lnyhbt romneyryan gopdamnn shawty really did vote for romney this morning i thought she wa joking -.-rt mittromney ohio is a crucial state in this election amp your vote could make the difference. please get out and vote today. romn .. election2012 how u gone move out the country if romney wins. half u hoe cant even get off section8ty amp rt bill_mcl rt tickedoffdem mt wcgirl1 1-866-ourvote to report voter suppression voting intimidation votolatino obama2012 demsrt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..va line are huge. couldn t vote prior to work today. will be going immediately after. romneyryan2012rt tprettywalk just voted obama rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt oberon_onmura counted respective lie thought about going back to bush fiscal policy considered possible sc nominee then had ..rt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012i took the quiz on and i m amazed by how accurate it wa but that still doesn t help me.. inthemiddle election2012rt scienceofsin super obamaniacs vote in virginia. let s get er done vaforobama vote barackobama katyperry rt neneleakes we vote we win obama today s the day everyone - do your part and vote vote election2012 election2012 obama barackobama so you learnt well who2allied with da1 play da big boy game and 2sacrifice u at the bottom ofthewellorganized chaos at ledge st school. short line amp full booth at 11am nashuapatch nashuatelegraph election2012 nh rt defendpaulryan rt if you voted romneyryan2012 today loveofcountry tcotparental voting predicts kids future participation via washingtonpost parentsmagazine election2012i voted for regina george because she got hit by a bus. election2012rt zztro if ur voting for mittromney take pictures of your ballot lmaort andrewebowles people who want to talk politics at least know what you re talking about so you don t make a fool of yourself in the ..i m voting for obama. i think he s fair -jose a janitor for main gate on university of arizona campus obama journalismrt millerwde remember that time gas wa under 2..yeah that wa 4 year ago.. romneyryan2012i ve got his back obama2012 chris matthews is unspooling on live tv and i m loving it election2012rt mistahmarvel well dont shop on black friday then rt b_4stel it s called the white house for a reason let keep it that way romne ..if you live in the state and you haven t done so already go out and vote. election2012 dont say anything jus go out and vote vote obama rt ohiogop gov. mittromney ha just landed in cuyahoga co. for his last campaign stop here in ohio. gotv asohiogoesrt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012yeah yeah vote obama teamobama rt _bobby_boucher_ obama romney bobby boucher election2012who is excited for election tonight majority of the newyoumag team support obama today is the day to preserve america and vote mittromney rt lolgop the candidate who know that if every citizen can vote they ll lose romneyryan2012rt epubagent nsfw - language disney s mrgrabeel show u life inside mittromney campaign. via moveon romneyry ..i m a georgia voter america georgia romneyryan2012 adult rt thecostargroup no matter who win today s election better time are predicted for the economy election2012rt laurentracey shondarhimes took me over an hr but ivoted in va election2012 vote2012 swingstate george bush had 8 year to fuck up the country so let s give obama 8 to fix it obama2012rt ty_xclusive obama can amp will make a difference. i m voting today even though my state will not go to my candidate myvoicewillbeheard obama2012 everyone vote rt singingrep rebelsforromney were supporting you even in texas kidsgotoplemiss gop2012 rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012presidential polls 2012 show obama leading mitt romney at 11th hour via huffpostpol vote election2012 voteobama he s got strong value he s got great idea for each electionday obama 2012rt urbannbarbie rt thirst22 you still a bitch nigga tho.. mittromneyrt fortuneate ralphtresvant i have a neice that thought her voice didn t matter..now after a little history lesson wewillrockthevote ..rt mittromney iowa is a crucial state in this election amp your vote could make the difference. please get out and vote today. romn ..and that s what it s all about obama2012 vote obama barackobama rt michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. ..rt _first48dathoe tweet_souneik shit we bein heard tho lmao..ballads ballet ballys fuck it. lol obama2012no matter who win today show respect to the new president. obama romney barackobama islam is a religion to correct distorted religion and complement the religion that came before him wigisocial most definitely rock the vote. make it count election2012rt scvbuckeye 1more reason 2love this guy rt paulryanvp wonderful 2have my family on campaign trail.let s go o-h-i-o. ..rt iheartkidsihk we vote for kid iheartkids vote usa election votingday america obama romney thank you kebalta for ..romney going to be another hilter obama2012i wish i wa like barackobama and could spend 4 trillion dollar of everyone s money and have jack shit to show for it. cantafford4morei wanna thank this dude for giving me this republican guide.. now i know who not to vote for. obama usa d let s make america great again. we are a force of good in the world. romneyryan2012rt agriffin7 obama wear crocs. vote romneyryan2012time to make an actual change today romneyryan2012eric holder justice dept s cover-up of fast amp furious deepens romneyryan2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012rt kidfreeliving turns out romney ha a house in every color except white. he s just trying to complete the collection people. elect ..republican nominee mittromney cast his us election2012 ballot president barackobama voted early. photo just got done voting for the first time ever election2012 electiondayrt helenzille holding thumb for obama. come on pennsylvania florida nevada and ohio  barackobama wanna wrestle if i win i m president if you win i m still president. meet at 2 on the white house lawnmom jean lmfao rt kissmeimsara yeah bitch fuck u and ur mom jean quincy_sk8s hopefully you lose today mittromney rt ere1968 i ve been saying it for month mittromney must win by larger than the margin of cheatobama could have been white red purple or green he wa still get my vote teamobama obama2012 obamanation obama12at the voter poll don t cast all dem because it doesn t select obama individually check obama for pres to make sure election2012rt tremelvin dear mittromney fuck you. sincerely the 47 . voteobama  obama a president why and why not . usa white_house democratic_party republican_party - why and why not obama . usa white_house democratic_party republican_party - rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama i just mf voted yayy obamanation election2012 i voted for mittromney just now so did everyone in my family we pick mitt let the prosperity begin hey girl it wa so sweet of biden to make an unannounced campaign stop in ohio to campaign for mitt amp me winning election2012rt boyxsupreme the latest electoral vote estimate from huffingtonpost ha obama at 277 romney at 191 vote oba ..rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom .. cjbtweets2 gop oops. that is how ur coming across. especially w rudyrepublicanwhatdouexpect comment my bad i guessto my american friend please consider that today dictate us history. vote for your woman vote for your daughter obama2012 jrod173 yeah i think so haha obama you votingrt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012idk bout yall nigga but im proud 2 b a voter obama proudvoter being in class today is such torturee. i have no idea what s going on and twitter is surprisingly unhelpful. election2012rt _whitealigator democrat or republican know your fact before you vote and vote for who you want not who your parent or best frie ..vote for your candidate today this election could not be more important for woman this year. election2012 happyelectionday protectrightscheck out this nifty real time social medium visualization of obama vs. romney by our clusterhaus neighbor quintlyapprt theofficialkaya hey mittromney don t forget to voteobama rt dailysimpsons i m not very political -- i usually think people who vote are a bit fruity .. govote election2012 barackobama do you wanna babysitter my cousin for a while i have to run out an vote barackobama if i only wa american and wa above 18 id vote for you until you win lt 3 rt __bang2x if you do decide to post a pic of your ballot make sure the bubble next to romney is filled. obama.in just 24 hour we ll be saluting our new president president roseanne barr. election2012rt republicangop today we make a stand america- please standwithmitt because americadeservesbetter vote romneyryan2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt cj31016 the coverage of election2012 on bing is just excellent. check it out bingelectionsi voted did you obama french power - hey obama if you lose come to france. we love you here. election2012 romneyit is funny how to sit down and talk to both side voter romney voter are not a obama voter why stay tuned to know more when you tried to cut the last 3 day of early voting and the supreme court ruled against you. ohiososhusted election2012 ohdecides2012rt cettebelleviee today is the day. obama2012vote romney for me romneyryan2012 romney2012 nobama lrt my number one reason that i m not stressing over election2012 _ godgotthisi fear we won t know the winner of this election for quite some time. vote heavyturnout hurricanesandy obama2012 romneyrt talibanmoo if mittromney wins i call the side of the cotton field with the most shade rt pudingtane o spent 1million dollar on one state dinner. what the hell did they eat romneyryan2012 tcotromney with a positive message 4 r future but obama continues his derisive divisive negative attack tcotfuck being broke bitch i d rather ball dbc obama fuckromney  barackobama just cast my vote for you. looking forward to the next 4 year but wishing for 8. thanks love good luck.rt sarahfrazier1 wish i could vote but do the world a favor and vote romneylasalle parish wa 83 mccain in 08 .highest in state rt joryjonas i wonder will obama win jena with all these prejudice mf s living hereyou tell the truth unlike the right you can love but you can fight. you can barack me tonight i ve got a crush on obama obama2012just voted for our prez.. took my son with me. obama vote election2012do we want to live in a world where there is no equality no. everyone is equal and it should stay that way. election2012 obamafuck obama romneyryan2012rt - just get out and vote we need your help tcot pic rt michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character.  keyshiacole lloyd_yg lyfejennings leak words are power intro 504unit feat. barackobama wordsarepower coming rthume-fogg held a mock election with a.. surprising.. third place finish for mr. potato head. election2012election result map for wisconsin tcot romneyryan2012 teamromney wi wigopbut we can go from bad to worst if we don t vote getoutandvote obama2012it s lunchtime in florida. this is an important election for franchising. if you haven t done so already go vote election2012lots of cleaning. hoping to distract myself until after election2012 results.done rt laposadagvaz rt huffingtonpost rt if you are voting today election2012rt danabrams as much a the medium love to focus on worst case scenario i ll bet we know who is going to win election2012 by 9pm to ..going to the poll seems like such a hassle. all those people and their ideas. can t i vote from my internetz. badamerican obama rt clem_sux romney obama spurrier election2012it s election2012 day - wishing you and yours a great day. vote - my vote.. forward - wow mittromney paulryan and joebiden are all in ohio election2012 three candidate plane on the tarmac news14electionrt realdonaldtrump before you vote think obama want to raise tax mittromney want to lower taxes--need i say more  anndromney are you a sister wife mittromney mittromney visibly relaxed and happy -- that s the kinda guy u want holding the nuke football in a crisis.rt arlingtongop 7 hour to go polling place in va. open until 7 pm - don t miss your chance to vote romneyryan2012 ..america will be first to go black and then go back romneyryan2012 electionday nobamart conservative_vw almost there uninstalling barackobama 1.0 99 complete today we vote him out drive someone ..if i voted it would be obama for president usart lukemitchell__ if i were american i d vote obama. presidentialelectionrt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known  whichtitch calumsrheaton harry_townsend imagine boris on the x factor. just throwing that one out there. election2012rt theteaparty_net black panther have returned to philly voting sites..wait i though eric holder dismissed that case fail teapa ..don t think i know anyone in support of mitt the mormon romney obama2012vo bama te election obama warren towers i m thinking about voting trouty20 for prez..he s winning everything else right. election2012 troutorbeyonc  obama2012 my aunt even belief he should stay. letsgo i realized that halo 4 coming out on election day will forsure decrease voter turnout. election2012i can t vote today. did i forget to check a box or wa i suppressed votersupression election2012i did my part.. where y all at obama 4moreyears vote vote for barackobamayou just wanna be relevant rt realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan2012 vote2012 votert jade_mcdermott obama ha our vote from the uk barackobamart _quamoritajae obama is the winner and we shall claim it in the blood of jesus votingmatters obama obamacampaign voteo ..rt eastonshaw marissa_lynn13 s shirt gt gt gt gt obama2012i should be able to vote through twitter obamart michelleobama polls are open make a plan to go vote for mittromney rt cloewearsjeans attention people spread the word obama2012 it s lunchtime in florida. this is an important election for franchising. if you haven t done so already go vote election2012vote early it will help me watch fewer hour of cnn tonight - election2012rt hunterphillip11 if you want real change in america..vote hunter phillips and his vice president dtcampbell15 election2012 kyliejanekremer how bout them patroling teaparty group trying voterintimidation rt gunny1775 rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpol election2012 - by mid-morning both candidate had voted.. this is a close a contest a anyone can remember..rt kelseyleigh_13 if you don t vote you can t complain about who get elected. obama2012going to get my truck after work and then headed to cast my vote for my boy romneyryan2012election day let your voice be heard and make the excellent decision to vote today. election2012going to go vote obama2012 election2012 ncpr s coverage of northcountry race amp national coverage from npr at numbers resources.rt gop philadelphia polling place puts voting booths next to obama mural tcot election2012 - by mid-morning both candidate had voted.. this is a close a contest a anyone can remember..how silly is it that news medium are asking for i voted sticker picture instead of info of the actual process. election2012rt mike_demarest new scottbrownma ad is out tcot gopnews mitt2012 magoprt bluegrasspundit to my libertarian follower i understand the concept of a protest vote but today isn t the time. tlot tcotpersonal responsibility or nanny state the choice is clear - mittromney. look up where to vote here gotv v ote o bama t oday e veryone voteobama election2012 obama2012 voteif president barackobama is re-elected how will it change your life vote for the ultra cool gangster thug that talks like a white guy. vote obama -- voteobama romney obamai voted vote election2012 lyftthevote rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..imagine if every person voting today took a friend or stranger with them to the polls..amazing. election2012rt julienaser1 please vote for obama obama2012rt monicaonair happy election day get out and vote today call 523-4050 to find your designated voting site election2012 ltxi voted. vote voted america flag obama democrat feelinit honda pentucket lake elementary school rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 newshour know the profile of the next president of usa spanish text paraqu t election2012rt _ayedeejay the only reason you people like romney is because he s white amp yal hate to see a smart black man in charge .. oba ..rt itsgabrielleu so tempted to rt some of the hateful insulting offensive tweet but today is about positivity amp obama2012 forw ..rt chickiepotpie my parent european socialist just voted republican for the first time since becoming citizens. this is big peopl ..committ to mitt romneyryan2012i m voting for barackobama because i think he s the best man for the job and i don t trust romney. election2012rt surfdub hundreds of fraudulent voter registration identified in florida fl - gop-backed firm responsible demsrt andrewluck23 all i have is provided by god not govt. i am simply the steward. the govt is wrong to redistribute. proverbs 6 6-11 j .. bleedred15 barackobama i mean obvi he wa talking about those who are eligiblert yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama it s us election day today we ll share some of our favorite thing to come out of election2012 - what are yours - rt _drewparker hopefully america ha realized not to make the same mistake twice romneyryan2012rt cloewearsjeans attention people spread the word obama2012 rt dntburnurbridge ignorance rt imjus_kia take deep breath obama2012 rt brittd1178 everybody get out and vote so we can get thi ....cpd uniform are played out..surprise em with some green guys..bet they get their act together.. obama2012haha if romney win all you dark as nigga gonna be outside. me and the other lightskins are gonna be inside with refreshing acrt kbdphd and so the politricks begin. if you encounter trouble at the poll please contact 1-866-myvote1 election2012 poliscielect2012happy election day everyone get out and govote romneyryan2012 make it count call 1.800.345.8683 to find your poll location or go to california secretary of state obama bidenhopefully for the next 4 yr we can say that againn obama2012 firsttimevoter nh harts location- democracy in action nh vote election2012 vote2012rt jjauthor victory speech dgjackson gov working on tonight s speech on the plane a we fly to ohio. romneyryan2012 ..rt imwiththescene retweet for obama2012 delete for romney2012 rt ajelive an ohio auto union leader tell aje s scottheidler a romney presidency would mean an attack on labour ..yes rt ty107 rt charisdakota let s paint the country red romneyryan2012 red electiondayrt tsorenson27 lets go america vote for who can save our country my boy mitt nobama romneyryan2012hey help u spread the word and retweet this moving election video usstudents vanjones68 barackobamart teammtaurus_ __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama rt ihoenation if you are a romney supporter please post a picture of your completed ballot show your support for romney rt amp spr .. hardball_chris npr rock good sir. and i voted for obama.in case you missed our voteforsomebody song on abcworldnews with dianesawyer last night election2012 vote in the am hiv test in the pm 2 for 4 monster energy drink at the ampm. obama2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt d24brandes i want to thank marklevinshow seanhannity limbaugh glennbeck michellemalkin sarahpalinusa amp more for their cour ..the obamas take 4 million vacation to hawaii romneyryan2012 romney and ryan in ohio seen a the key state. uselection2012i voted so i can say this i will be disgusted and scared for america if romney wins. obama2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt arlingtongop rt paulryanvp with your support we can put this country on a path to prosperity. vote for a better future today. ht ..vote vote vote vote vote this is our chance to push big government back. don t be lazy and waste the opportunity. 2012election tcoti don t like obama nor romney. but id choose obama. romney is a flip flopper so u never know what is actual intention are. election2012attacks fear-mongering and hate speech till the bitter end. thank god is almost over. election2012rt callmeauburn 1 tiny drop of water isn t much at all. but a million tiny drop will overflow the bucket. your vote doe count. be he ..breaking gallup exit polling show turnout down 10 point for ohio dead union voters in cuyahoga county.. tcotrt mittromney with minnesota s help we are going to bring america back. please get out and vote romneyryan2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama say hello to a new war usa romneyrt louie3211 . michelleobama there s too much at stake to sit on the sidelines. go vote today bring a friend 2. every vote counts ..go and vote your little heart out today guy electionday election2012 makinghistory kenzy19 it not to late to vote for obama2012 barockthevote lol romneyryan2012 i can t take obama for four more yearrt teamromney find your polling place romneyryan2012just voted a little while ago. have you make sure you vote today election2012 dawnriseth gretawire barackobama obama is out. thank goodness for fox. put obama in prison with the fox new channel. heaven rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012rt fergie i have made my choice. my hope is 4 president barackobama 2 get reelected amp get more time 2 turn this country around. ..i didn t realize that wa state is mail-in drop off voting only. fantastic i wonder if voter turnout is higher because of it. election2012twitter is going crazy with this election..kinda excited to see the result govote godblessamerica election2012 electiondaybig day ahead voting thank-you card trying to get it all done today election2012 jobhuntrt frogsupply i have spent countless day away from my family sacrificing for you to have the right to vote today. yes even you democr ..rt davidmwessel rt naomikarpdc dixville notch nh is a tie 5-5 despite having only 3 registered dems electi ..i voted election2012 firsttimevoter barackthevote makeupfree obama biden 2012 lt 33 obama2012rt chiefbrody1984 romney v obama. the baby know. but on the note of people annoying me about voting. make sure you vote. romneyryan2012 barackobama good luck mr.obama hope you win keeping our finger crossed for you in here finland i voted.. the right way romneyryan2012  ohio election2012 delaware county change in voter verification. last name instead of precinct. confusion for many voters.how awesome would it be if all the campaign money used for these candidate went to charity uspriorities election2012 foodforthoughttoday is first time i think i have ever wished i could be an american for a while obama 2012electionrt dustinzick in four year of presidency let not forget barackobama s greatest achievement. arresteddevelopment bluthfamily http ..rt reynoldsofa check out barackobama working the phone for gotv effort. join in rt therock before i vote - final question.. who wake up first and start kickin as before sunrise mittromney or barackobama cinc pauldotcom it s cool that you are out there making yourself heard election2012rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known rt mbarriaux check out afp journalist instagram photo on our us election2012 tumblr  lorielleden nayarivera yeah that s right vote obama2012im voting to save my education obama2012lunchtime voting at avalon church in avalon park orange county election2012 ucfknightlynews rt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012rt _tjbell this. obama2012 in honor of election day every tweet of mine will be hash-tagged election2012 ..i m watching united states presidential election 2012 2015 others checked-in getglue election2012rt ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -raswho d you pick for president and why check out this washingtonpost creation. election2012i just told mittromney climate change isn t a joke. sandy via forecastfacts. barackobama or mittromney make your choice in cbslocal s national battleground map rt ayemrdee barackobama god bless you and good luck rt hboboxing happy election day boxingheads. don t forget to vote today. election2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama  measrtc5 i hope you didn t forget.. voting for democrats start tomorrow due to gas rationing romneyryan2012 rt mshafiquk strictlysid very exciting even when foxnews say romney will win a landslide. jokers no matter who are president is no one will do a good job. america is to fucked up. but still obama till the endeven my baby is turnt up to vote. all this kicking clearly for barackobamart bbcworld where will the us election2012 be decided our map of the battleground state graphichappy election day my fellow american s go vote romneyryan2012 rt __diamensions i just voted for the first time obama rt suburbanfamiiy retweet for romney2012. favorite for obama2012. let s see who win rt lanes_ww retweet this if you want obama to win and i ll follow you but you must follow back unfollow 90sbabyfollowtrainwho are you voting for tweet me using the hashtags obama2012 or romney2012 rt hardball_chris say if you don t vote your an idiot election2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama why barack obama has my vote..again voteobama election2012get out amp vote today obama usa rt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012rt zztro if mittromney wins i call the side of the cotton field with the most shade rt lakergangordie_ we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 4moreyears kissfrm_arose desirecari download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..i voted election2012 calm your tit lol rt lexiebonjangels mittromney i hate you bitch i hope you don t winrt iilluminateyou say goodbye to college foreign student n people who can t afford college romneyrt vavictory2012 phone bank are full at leesburg vavictory2012 - winning loudoun for mittromney georgeallenva wtb colin ..rt jakedaggs ratchet4l barackobama take notes.rt _2dalou rt if you team obama lets get them votessrt goprincess lt lt lt -- this voter cast a ballot for mittromney rt if you have too romneyryan2012 govoteteam obama all the way 2 the white housert katyinindy romneyryan2012 stand in line today instead of standing in unemployment line next 4 year amp standing in obamacare li ..this is the only day that all u black ppl going to get alone obamart erinschrode five way that you can help barackobama win this election obama2012 election2012 electionday vote2012 vote .. barackobama you are my guy four more potus. lets finish what we started i hope barackobama win and im not even american..rt mittromney ohio is a crucial state in this election amp your vote could make the difference. please get out and vote today. romn ..on election2012 tuesday i m already looking forward to another tuesday. my forbes column a tale of two tuesdays really disappointed to see i m the only person under 30 at the polls. get out and vote people election2012i voted just flaunting my influence like a true influenster. election2012rt imagineprints photo voters in philadelphia forced to vote next to giant obama mural via twitchyteam usnavy .. michelleincal gotta love the new york post.. lnyhbt romneyryan gop laquandrapayne lol oh im going to vote today obama thejeffwade spj_tweets journalists follow kevin smith spjethicschair for tip on providing ethical election2012 coverage. lots of ais member voting today we are proud of you gonna be rt ing your voting tweets. america election2012rt itweet_4fuunn xblacchyna everybody go vote or fuck around nd get smoked . this election ain t no joke so please go fucking v ..just let my voice be heard along with my mom dad auntie and grandma election2012 teamobama video of the day impulss - real mitt romney - exercise your right to vote today watch gt rt ajelive auto worker helped by obama s bailout tell aje s scottheidler us president not going in the right direction .. obama wants your support but don t ask him to support you benghazi sandyrt mittromney with wisconsin s help we are going to bring america back. please get out and vote romneyryan2012pay it fourmoreward vote2012 obama2012you see obama right there you see biden right there..we aint got no worries obama2012 voteobama turnuprt tamarbraxtonher get your life amp vote obama2012 rt clubtrillion . barackobama amp mittromney i m selling my crucial ohio vote to highest bidder. bidding start at 1 chipotle burr ..just cast my vote 337. obama2012i stood in line for 2 hour i m 8 month pregnant.. you can do it obama2012rt marketwatch hypnotic watch america vote in real time facebook election2012 a beautiful day in dc love ya amp miss you vote barackobamart fran_tarkenton voting is the foundational act that breathes life into the principle of the consent of the governed. -deforest soar ..statistically the incumbent stay in power for a second term. vote to make that happen. obamart collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012voting result are in from new york washington amp ohio and according to fox news bush is winning the election by 10 obamart wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012how i rigged the democrats vote - telegraph tcot romneyryan2012 forward2012to be honest i know nothing about this election but if i could vote obama all the way he s cool.your vote count ivoted election2012 yourvotecounts president rt verifiedwhitney romney cannot win he don t give a fuck about us. vote for someone who do which is obama voteobama obama2012i m hearing there were exit pollster at the myrtlems poll this morning. anybody know what firm they were with 988 election2012protip jay z springstein and katy perry aren t on the ballot. a miserable failure of a president is. buh-bye. tcotrt robdelaney i wa considering voting for mittromney but then i remembered i entered the world through a vagina.rt joshuanass retweet this if you are voting for mittromney today to get this country back on track why i m voting obama 4another4.. obamacare osamabinladen gayrights4marriage4military gmc economicrecovery firstladymichelleobama barackobama say it with me.. 2terms i did that s why she mine rt jessthemfnbest vote for yabitch rt thisguyagain414 jessthemfnbest vote obamart darealroot election2012 poll in maryland close at 8pm dont wait till the last minutewhy do people say they don t care who you vote for just vote. i definitely care who people vote for. election2012y all hate romney so much but fail to understand there a million mofo jus like him .. and y all work for themget out amp vote movingforward obama2012  amp to think i wanted to fuck u rt realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan2012 vote2012mitt romney a president ..ain t nobody got time for that obama2012rt ofa_nc 8 hour left to reelect barackobama and keep this country moving forward. don t wait voteobamart yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt purestrobin --now with archival quality rez-- the deeply felt puppet theater is voting hi smarteralec smrtgrls obama ..rt ap election watch if you make car in detroit the odds are that you have today off election2012 -ras mittromney get your mitt s off our country.. freehelenatorryrt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012rt bailey__boo19 idk how i m gonna feel tonight or for the next 4 year if obama is re elected. romneyryan2012is it bad that i have been invested in election2012 since january but come the day that it matter and i am burned out glad obama wa the 1st president ivoted for obama2012 govotert _kryse_ yess rt theofficialkaya hey mittromney don t forget to voteobama  thetimmytebow i m predicting obama will take an early lead tomorrow.. until all the republicans get off work. romneyryan2012 vote barackobama i would if i could but im norwegian. obama electiondayit s illegal and ur vote won t count ohmg obama romney president election vote how this man can be seriously running for president romney election2012rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..8 hour of polling left- have you been counted govote election2012rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012regardless of age gender race or political party- get out there and vote celebrate that we have this amazing right. election2012this will be the most interesting election night. gonna be close i feel but obama will take it rt u_lovemex3 jay z said we got 99 problem but mitt aint one obama obama rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt findinremo dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known voted yet go now my grandson want to go to the inauguation please don t disappoint ofa_oh barackobama obama2012 i m sure obama want to be president for 4 more yrs. but i m sure he isn t thrilled about being tied to biden for another 4 year votert emmadaly how could election2012 affect us policy on humanrights kenroth on difference bw obama amp romney rt mcfinnley817 excited about voting in my first election today romneyryan2012 america worththedrivert collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012glad to see all these young people talking abt voting. afterall this election affect us directly. votesmart obama.disturbing if voting procedure are determined by partisan politics national non-partisan system please election2012rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known  barackobama here in ohio thousand of provisional ballot wa said not to b count if special form is not filled out. thousands never gt formrt stupidboomers my company just laid off 200 people this week-mostly due to obama-care medical device tax tcot theblaze wsj teapa ..rt italkshxt kill yourself b_4stel it s called the white house for a reason let keep it that way romney dontrenig rt djtimbuck2 timbuck2uesdays beautybar 144 w chicago ave. free all night i m buying shot for a many voter a i possibly can obamart whiteywasserman voted obama2012rt theylovekendrea if obama lose imma cry .glued to usa election all day tweeting blogging viewing just like a fool in a small kenyan village obama longest line i ve ever seen in my macomb co. mi location. the worker there are awesome ran smooth w no probs mi4mitt romneyryan2012rt rachel_lforbes i probably don t know enough a i would like to about the uselection but i believe obama would get my vote electi ..voted for pedro. election2012line wa longer at the post office than the polls. get out amp vote election2012rt starjonesesq just talked to milwaukee getoutthevote remember there is no voterid requirement in wisconsin. the court struck do .. beachrockinc usa i like the way you think. election2012rt miafarrow heading to the poll obama2012rt i_used_2_be_fat headed back to sealy to make my voice heard in this election romneyryan2012 cantafford4morert republicangop today we make a stand america- please standwithmitt because americadeservesbetter vote romneyryan2012everybody bedda vote for obama if you don t fuck you bitch how today s election does and doesn t matter we need somebody to work on d importance of a working economy tcot goprt tombradysego happy election day remember to make your vote count obamabiden2012 romneyryan2012 bradygronkowski2012the obama is clash is youtube .. check it - jill stein s position on ballot initiative jillstein2012 greenparty election2012 via jillstein2012can t wait wear these 4 my boi obama just got these fresh kick 4 da day freudian slip election2012  joebiden just voted a little while ago 4 more year i m fired up - rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012ijustloveamerica barackobamart dalemurphy3 get out and vote people what a privilege. thankful 4 the chance to help choose our next pres. i voted for mittromney ..obama supporter attempts to rile up line of florida voters with su-ppres-sion chant via theblaze tcot election2012rt hellogiggles send u picture of you voting election2012oh amp voteobama voteobama voteobama voteobama voteobama voteobama voteobama voteobama voteobama voteobama barackobama i love him why wa i born the day after election day.. i really wanted to vote for barackobama teamobama mittromney i know from experience how business work and i ll get our economy moving again. wellin bruhjust voted in nj election2012 line 30-45min wait. inspiring so many are votingi love election day so exciting obama megynkelly danaperino ericbolling is it possible to get this verified election2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama you get a sticker if you vote in the us. so that s why so many people vote obama2012 romney2012election day romneyryan2012 rt verifiedwhitney romney cannot win he don t give a fuck about us. vote for someone who do which is obama voteobama obama2012i wish there wa a hell so we could all take comfort in knowing giuliani would be going there. truly a disgusting pig. gopfail obama2012happy election day from honolulu hi. obama2012 rt ogoing rt if you voted for president barack obama today barackobama fourmoreyears obama2012rt keder just pretend it s chickfila appreciation day but instead of getting a chicken sandwich you get to restore america. vote m .. terms obama  huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012 rt maribethkranz voted waited 15 min 801 at bethesda elementary in waukesha. romney ryan2012 sykescharlie jayweber3i m voting for bush obama2012 obamabiden2012rt guardianscience media say us election too close to call but the stats tell different story caplansteve elec ..tell em i need time off to stand by my re-elected president barackobamart stevec9292 ann romney ha never had an orgasm. obama2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt gomittromney we built it obama broke it now it time for u to fix it americastrong teamromney romneyryan2012 election2012rt _draee baracking the vote today 4 more year for president obama obama2012 rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt gregabbott_tx my lawsuit against obama have been worth every penny. after today my lawsuit may go away. rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt californiawatch need to find your polling place find it here election2012 votingrt chromeo funk the vote obamart a_burroughs38 we are the future. care about your country. vote. romneyryan2012get out and go vote voteobama election2012rt romneyroadteam . mittromney and anndromney casting their ballot in belmont ma romneyryan2012 rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt lilduval . mittromney i m in the poll booth right now u stop my child support ill vote for u. what up rt iilluminateyou say goodbye to woman right lady romneyrt aquariusqueenj_ stop taking pictures of your ballots it s hurting obama not helping repost stopit passtheword teamobama oba ..rt ch3ls3at . mittromney barackobama may the odds be ever in your favorrt chiefbrody1984 romney v obama. the baby know. somebody vote obama out prolife romneyforprezpraying for our country go vote election2012 romneyryan2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012hey mittromney dont forget to voteobamart gulagbound anyone who doesn t know obama is anti-american anti-christian neo-marxist amp pro-islamist undecided election2012 ..rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama election day is here make sure to vote and let your voice be heard. have you cast your ballot election2012 i base my opinion on us presidential candidate on which one would be fun to get drunk with election2012man i really hope i get exit polled or interviewed. set your dvrs it will be epic. romneyryan2012 election2012rt lakergangordie_ hi mittromney dont forget to voteobama todayawsome rt ben_sevilla dianebirch sarahsophief i voted for obama ladyi seriously can t support people who are pro obama. the thought of four more year turn my stomach romneyryan2012rt politicsnowlat obama hit the phone call up wisconsin voter and volunteer from chicago election2012rt archbishopyoung get out and vote today barackobama care about you obama2012 obamacare mittromney all they way  go vote it very important we don t want another 4 year of failed leadership romneyryan2012grateful for voting and voting early. nolinesforme romneyryan2012 govoteelection day obama2012 forward2012samuel l. jackson s wake the f ck up - obama 2012 nerves are normal i am nervous but contact the obama campaign and ask them how you can help obama2012 mittromney if you win thats yo as mr postman obama2012 cause only peasant like romney rt realrockstar obama lost 676 vote because of you dumb fuck posting picture on instagram for like  aggedor_hobbit peddy7 the time of the orcs is over now is the time of man hobbits unite election2012 romneyryan2012rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012election day. obama obama though.. totally thought i wa the reason rt theseanskinner i voted. but not because you told me to. election2012rt bbcnewsus the economy iran healthcare abortion - what would romney and obama do differently on key us election2012 issue ht ..rt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012rt reidmilburn rt sfdirewolf sonnylebythebay keithpr billwongllc love this my formerly apolitical dad said obama translat ..team obama resorting to cheating intimidation and engineering..they know they are losing. tcot p2watch the emergence of a world government conspiracy israel politics obamart biasedgirl if you are voting at lunch. let them know you won t be back until you ve voted. voteromney romneyryan2012currently obama is up 50 to romney s 47 in the battleground state of ohio. very important people.pic never forget. obama marches for islam. oh wi fl va wv pa obama2012 rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt nwjerseyliz paulryanvp i did vote for a better future obama2012 election2012rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 .. ivoted for mittromney because i will never forget benghazi tcot rememberbenghazijust cast my vote mittromney edmartin4mo toddakin good luck today god bless.rt shaqagawea keep calm amp vote rom romneyryan2012rt bankrollmarkus romney v obama. the baby know. hello everyone today mark my first presidential election working in florida. should be interesting. election2012rt iobey_histongue my president is black ..rt yvettenbrown be forewarned. rt lheron posting a pic of your ballot on social medium in some state that s illegal. ..rt katiesanders143 votecadyheron why because she pushed regina george in front of the bus. election2012election day romneyryan2012rt fergie i have made my choice. my hope is 4 president barackobama 2 get reelected amp get more time 2 turn this country around. ..rt michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. ..- gt mt lheron posting a pic of your ballot on social medium in some state illegal. election2012i voted today on an old-school scantron form election2012 vote electionday  patmaloney were doin our part--turnout down here is huge for mittromney paulryanvp marienaw barackobama i would love to but i work  mittromney best of luck today future president i voted for love of country praying for a romney ryan victory rt joebiden make sure everyone vote today hop on the phone and talk to voter in key state lt teamobama voteobamart michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. mort icecoldbrews voting later obama2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama  mtvnews beyonce barackobama good to know ppl believe in him regardless rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..rt iamselenator21 happy election day now get out there and govote voteobama barackobamart biasedgirl also if you are voting in va remember to vote yes on question 1 in favor of property rights. voteromney romneyryan2012this one for you obama  gustavoarellano because a vote for romney make you so left you might a well be right. obamanosstop posting ballot picture spread the word election2012 soo election day election2012im not even american and the result of who ever win tonight wont effect me in any way..but eff it..i want obama to win election2012rt melissadileo10 crossing finger and praying for the state today for a better future vote obama rt naerealcharming we really find out who our president is tonight obamart stubhub get out amp vote today fans. nov6 election2012 itdoesmatterrt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..lol t winkwestwood rt yungb51 stop takin pic of ya ballet yo vote won t count. yall hurtin obama by doin dat rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama  romneyryan2012 for america s future. you cannot re-elect a celebrity that borrows money and spends his way out of debt. not the solution rt defendpaulryan rt if you voted romneyryan2012 today loveofcountry tcotrt chloelovesyou without obamacare my dad s surgery for his prostate cancer would ve bankrupted us. thank you barackobama for helpin ..still in dis long line but i dont give a fuck cuz im votin for my obama dat all dat matter if you can t beat him. join him.. mittromney maddiew1100 when obama give his concession speach drink go to 1 romneyryan2012 dolladrinksforromneyrt _kryse_ yess rt theofficialkaya hey mittromney don t forget to voteobama rt gmu_cfa happy election day get out and vote - and remember that the long line just mean more people are participating election2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known rt jocalderboneme if you cant afford college then college isnt for you -mitt romney obama2012rt theofficialkaya hey mittromney don t forget to voteobama i would sleep threw my alarm look like i won t be skipping class friday fuck romneyryan2012do not put your voting ballot online tf wrong with people it s an illegal vote obama2012vote for me i ll set you free getglue election2012tired of the lame-stream medium got dish theblazetv on channel 212 is free after 5 00 for election coverage. election2012 teaparty dlrsrt i8urbitch obama need to win ya bish so get ya lazy as up amp vote ya bish . kendrick lamar voice obama2012 rt browniie_kidd i voted proud obama2012rt cizauskas new blog post. vote well obama election2012 bravo rt michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. ..coming all the way back.to bolingbrook just to vote obama  joebiden why is it ok and takin a a joke that we have a vp thats a dumb a a bag of hammerwho will win it look like a close one but i think obama might just scrape it election2012 edgeofseat nikitaramirez7 nwjerseyliz mittromney download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012rt scottoncapecod 430rhonda gotta love the new york post.. lnyhbt romneyryan gop romney or obama it s all the same for europe writes il sole 24 ore. uselectiontoday i voted for the future casting vote for taylorfornd heidi4nd pamgulleson and for barackobamart nychange don t let sandy drown out our vote. get to the poll before 9pm tonight and make sure our community are heard. electi .. datnigga_gred rt jcoxx_hoop if i said team romney every body on my tl would be ready to fight were the picture etti gotchawhile talking to my kiddos about the election the 3 yr. old chimed in and informed u that he would be voting for spiderman. election2012and anyone that support my family business i support romney 2012 mitch_stewart if u want support for a barackobama agenda in 2013 dont screw u by disabling election night event on get out there and vote obama2012gas price went up again .. romney got tie with the middle east he tryna make it impossible for u to vote . lol obama2012yall heard 99jamzwedr get out and go vote for the best candidate obama whoever you vate for.. just voteserious question if i write are dog dick next to romney ryan on my ballot doe that void my vote election2012rt ihisloan mittromney sir do you have a plan if obama steal this election rt raywatts new black panthers also in ohio unconfirmed report of former navy seals heading to ohio pa. to guard .. ..happy election day romneyryan2012rt bronxzooscobra don t take your freedom for granted. don t be an asp. vote today. election2012lol camdashit showing my ballot bruh election2012 i love how s there isn t a single obama sign outside of union hill. hilarious romneyryan2012 mittsthetitsrt ezkool if christians put their religion before politics they would vote for truth instead of the romney lies. p2 tcot romney obamart kidfreeliving turns out romney ha a house in every color except white. he s just trying to complete the collection people. elect ..voter 163 at my philadelphia ward. forward fourmoreyears obama have you voted already how long wa your line i hope you found something to make you smile election2012and also this real time foursquare voting map election2012first paw a history of presidential pet election2012 starandbucwild nevermind voting today. stay home -- i got you romney vote killermikegto soulkhan unclerushdick morris 90 chance romney wins 60 chance it s a landslide tcot sgp p2 teaparty voting today praying always just voted obama2012officially stickered obama biden2012 rt mclark5428 getting ready to vote everyone need to get out and vote today every vote count romneyryan2012 rt fratcollection election day pocket now available at romneyryan2012 please rt for chance to win thanks. ht .. mittromney fuck you from the 47 of the american u dont care aboutunbamast rozzyjoon notoriousniaz obama2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama whoever posted a pic of their ballot make sure you pat yourself on the back cause obama lost a vote because of you dickhead saw a mother showing her 4 year son civic duty by bringing him into the voting booth w her. parenting she s doing it right. election2012done now the anxiety set in. - vote obama2012 reedvotes willteachenglishabroad rt michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. ..when i vote this afternoon i will be voting for obama..to move to hawaii.have you voted already how long wa your line i hope you found something to make you smile election2012rt jengrunwald didn t get an i voted sticker here i made this for you election2012 captainamerica shower. then i m voting obamahave you voted already how long wa your line i hope you found something to make you smile election2012rt ty_xclusive obama can amp will make a difference. repubgrlprobs since they didn t mail me an i voted sticker i m wearing my patriotic dress. romney2012 election2012 govotedon t make a mittstake.. vote obama obama2012 justhadtosaythatrt not_impressed88 edshow va is voting obama2012  vegahbk -- gt lt -- powerful obama2012 foward lmd. check me out bro saluteguess the electoral collage split between barak obama amp mitt romney obama 304 romney 234 repost with your guess election2012 fbrt patcassidy_ vote romneyryan2012 if you really care about our country what i m wearing today obama obama obama obama obama rt ronniejordan ppl are voting against their own interest just cause the pres. is black..if that ain t racist idont know what is.. ..vote make a difference. you are either part of the problem or part of the solution. obama2012 obama the  wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 truei don t care if i m not old enough to vote.i still care about who run this country.so kiss my as for all i care comeatmebitches obama samanthaericks4 love obama2012i wonder if it s weird for romney voting in his home state even though it electoral vote are going to obama irony have you voted already how long wa your line i hope you found something to make you smile election2012 skippy14340 who won bbcworld in picture obama and romney from childhood to fatherhood election2012 rt futuredev07 off to vote election2012 packrat220rt utadvocator got question about the electoral college amp popular vote utk prof. anthony nownes break it down ..you re saying romney is bringing more job and higher pay but he want the woman to keep working without higher pay obama2012have you voted already how long wa your line i hope you found something to make you smile election2012rt tombradysego breaking tony romo went to cast his ballot this morning and that got intercepted and return for a touchdown. electi ..rt tenstarpro v ote o bama t oday e veryone voteobama election2012postin ya ballot aint doin the election no good if ya votin obama ya might as well not vote if ya gonna do it..rt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012rt amhaunted that s it then witchdoctor in barackobama s ancestral village toss shell bone make the call rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt thematthewkeys start time for network coverage of the election - election2012rt thehill head of united auto workers alleges dirty trick by mittromney camp in ohio by cmunozthehillrt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt verifiedwhitney romney cannot win he don t give a fuck about us. vote for someone who do which is obama voteobama obama2012rt leeurm united kingdom trends voteobama teamobama obama2012 election2012 usa america.. wutvoted obama2012 yeahwomensrights oh she think she cute lol rt dana_xoxo_marie rockthevote 2012 election obama have you voted already how long wa your line i hope you found something to make you smile election2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt martianmarley23 mitt romney losing in massachusetts a state that he governed. why vote for him when his own people don t want him ..rt robertlreid3 mt sarahpompei clermont county ohio ave 50 ballot per hr. normally 15 per hr. did i mention that s a big gop coun ..rt mittisms there are a lot of quality you look for in a president. blaming people is not one of them mitt romney mitt2012 tco ..good night world wake me up when election is over election20128 great political songs to get you through election day - election2012 music buzzfeedrt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom .. govote obama obama2012 be smart americart bbcworld where will the us election2012 be decided our map of the battleground state graphicrt geechigang_ retweet this if you want obama to win and i ll follow you but you must follow back 90sbabyfollowtrain allegation of union putting illegal immigrant on voter roll cloud nevada voting - fox news have you voted already how long wa your line i hope you found something to make you smile election2012this time tomorrow i ll either be ecstatic and secure or devastated and stressed. obama2012honestly don t get why people that don t live in america are so caught up with this election2012 each to their own i s pose barackobama i got your 6 mr. presidentbob backlund once made me name all the president to him before he took a booking. i did it too 1996 cwfhollywood election2012rt naaschouston spelmancollege happy voting day spelman sisters election2012 electionday2012 spelmanwomenvotewho do you think will win uselections election2012 obama2012 romney2012 come on..obama mural in philadelphia polling place.. tcot ccot accountability rt savage_syd mittromney va is a crucial state in this election your vote could make the difference. please get out and vote today. ..rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012so many compliment on my shirt today americascomebackteam romneyryan2012who on ur pr team wrote this rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 unclerush barackobama i voted 4moreyearsrt politics_pr election2012 why you can t vote online yet rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt cj31016 the coverage of election2012 on bing is just excellent. check it out bingelectionsso fired up to get to vote today romneyryan2012 rt ap election watch pregnant chicago woman doesn t let being in labor stop her from voting election2012 -rasrt witchymonster anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead america back to the dark age obama2012rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..if i were american i d be voting obama all the way votefuturenotpast votefuturenotpast voteobama equalrights obamart louisrolfe and so it begins.. obama obama obamai know my vote counts obamatime to get my twitter on election2012 rikkiwilliamsxo joebiden i m sure barry pinned a note to joe s jacket to remind him.tell ohio s secretary of state count every vote via credomobile election2012rt betseyross priest s powerful election messge to american catholics amp all christians tcot p2 ncpol lnyh ..yea there you go rt doubleoji i voted obama2012 rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt edshow huffpostpol watch voting machine allegedly register obama vote a romney vote election2012 hmm..rt dispatch_argus bustos schilling cast ballot election2012 cheribustos repschilling rt __shooter romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama  anndromney mittromney god bless you and the gov. best wish for success. i know the american ppl will do what is right. on to victory rt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012rt justindrzal1 i might not agree with what you say but i ll defend to the death your right to say it. voltaire govote election2012 realdonaldtrump mittromney yeah he want to raise tax on the richrt jenndwag unbelievable. pa voting machine highlight romney when obama selected. cnn msnbc plz cover this ..rt ayysian_baby laadiiees hit the pole not the polls. bandsamakeherdance election2012rt gomittromney romney ha a plan to bring this country s economy roaring back tell u why you are voting for romney. election2012 ..rt defendpaulryan rt if you voted romneyryan2012 today loveofcountry tcotyou gotta chill obama 2terms electionday vote rt cannonpark don t listen to exit polls. please don t skip voting because you think it is not important in your state. my vote ro ..rt paulryanvp . mittromney amp i have a real plan that put america back on track. vote today for the real recovery america deserves .. mmckinnon opted to sit out this year s election b c he did not want to campaign against obama . fascinating. iop2012 election2012 drew_gorman jjbarron they completely ignored all the voter suppression put in place by gop governor yet they whine about a poll watcherrt bbcworld what do young african americans say about president barackobama in picture election2012rt bjsingleton i m very nervous for the election result tonight even a a canadian it s scary to think of romney in power obama2 ..rt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012rt just_call_me_cj so have you voted yet if you haven t get out and vote polls are open from 6 30am- 7 30pm election2012dems shred gop voter registrations obama mural at polling venue romneyryan2012 prolifepoliticsi m gonna vote for marion barry siike just kidding lol obama2012 voteobama  rush rushlimbaugh here we go tcot teaparty let s see how rush describes romneylandslidert bottlesnblunts_ lrt my number one reason that i m not stressing over election2012 _ godgotthisrt united_ignited obama the great divider nations wealth race class generations gender religion.. forward what a legacy ..rt hazey_quan everybody bedda vote for obama if you don t fuck you bitch  fillwerrell i m predicting obama will take an early lead tomorrow.. until all the republicans get off work. romneyryan2012 -lolz rt johnlibertyusa breaking landlords in dc receive mass lease cancellation for dem move-outs in january 2014. tcot lnyhbtrt _ohhdetskeke my president is black bitch obama2012christopher murray will be voting - with great pride - in newhaven today obama stay classy philly. tcot tlot blackpanthers obama where s the logic behind this i can t vote because i m in texas.. thatsthatshitidontlike obama2012 rt gomittromney next stop - the white house. teamromney romenyryan2012 election2012at the top it just us nigga cu we dont really trust nigga -- mittromneyrt candyslexia make sure you fill in the right circle today election2012rt bobhandtv lunch time on election day. what pizza are you choosing mittromney or barackobama h t buzzfeed ..obama catch voter off guard with phone call chicago president barack obama stopped by a.. obamanews obama -i just voted to re-elect president obama amp for kathleen kane to be pennsylvania s next ag. please find time to vote the most important thing that you re voting for hasn t been mentioned much gop foxnews p2 edshow dems ows tcotrt dada_315 rt mittromney ain t nothing more important than the mulaa rt umngphib make sure to take the time to vote today your voice matter election2012 joebiden there are reports coming out on youtube that voting machines are rigged in pa. vote goes to romney when pres.obama is chosen dgjackson we are working to get the word out romneyryan2012im legitimately praying for our country. hoping we won t live in a shit hole for the next 4 years. lets continue to more forward obama2012rt teapartyftl it s election day let s keep the habit of praying everyday for our great country max lucado tcotrt lexiesedaker i don t get how people can be so blind to the fact that obama hasn t done shit these past 4 year but make life a stru ..rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012vote for the ultra cool gangster thug that talks like a white guy. vote obama -- voteobama romney obama barackobama belief my family is equal to his voteobama vote obama dont disappoint mert reecebatterton_ believe in america. romneyryan2012 radiorick52 yup both side vice president joe biden making a surprise stop in cleveland oh today. election2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt hunter_grenier well america don t be stupid. romneyryan2012i wa gonna go vote until i started watching the news high and seen the line i have faith that obama got thisrt ojailola yes yes barackobama we re coming to the end of a long campaign all that s left to do is get out the vote. let s win t .. mmfa 99 of the sheeple watching fox are voting gop regardless. waste of romney airtime. tcot tiot p2rt elijahtjones tune in tonight to 970am from 8-10pm for local election coverage with billpickle and sminck. election2012for breaking election2012 coverage of the best blue amp red medium feed blue red  mittromney romney pls go buy yourself another pair of pant i m begging you.rt lissetteestrada gopblackchick barackobama he owes latinos of all race an apology for doing nothing for immigration reform. go r ..rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama obama congratulates romney voice confidence leaving his re-election prospect in the hand.. obamanews obama -rt fran_tarkenton voting is the foundational act that breathes life into the principle of the consent of the governed. -deforest soar ..rt chiefbrody1984 romney v obama. the baby know. rt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom .. canesharp i hope you get a new president for your birthday romneyso it like a million chalk writing of romney all around the student union. that pissed me off. i should buy water an remove them. obama obama election2012 vote four more year the world back obama looking forward to the party tonight rt kenyaa_pooh obama got 99 problems amp romney aint onee obama2012 they lie about him throw dirt on his name when all he did wa try to help.. obama 2012the confused look people give me when i tell them i voted for the 5 election2012 garyjohnsonnobama romneyryan2012happy election day everyone..let s rock the vote election2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama ain t nobody messin with my clique barack joe and michelle obama2012rt gomittromney we built it obama broke it now it time for u to fix it americastrong teamromney romneyryan2012 election2012rt _ilooksomfgood my president is black ..rt livel0velexy praying that obama win obama2012  obama romney campaign until the end. the_ironsheik for president teamsheikie election2012today it is the very important day for the usa today it is the day to vote for barackobama voteobamart pocalewinskypow do not post a picture of your ballot it s illegal and your vote is void president barackobama percentage ha ..can you out-campaign obama and become president ipad app prime candidate can prove your skill rt mittromney with colorado s help we are going to bring america back. please get out and vote romneyryan2012i voted romneyryan2012 govote i believe in equal right for woman the lbgt community and the middle class. and that is why i voted for barackobama this morning.it s simple he care for the 100 voteobama election2012 rt bypebbles done and done obama warren taking my little sister to the poll to teach them how the voting process works. homesweethome electionday romneyryan2012rt literallyfedup today obama will get his standdown order from the american people.. united we stand ohio voter checking in. anybody else voting romney have to submit to a bloodtest turns out i have hepatitis tcotrt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama i m not watching any election2012 tv coverage until the poll close here at 8 pm. until vote are counted it s all speculation. barackobama you earned my vote today mr. president let s make it count election obama2012 presidentthx kerrywashington 4 sharing ur story abt ur parent amp civic duty on washingtonwatch. i voted w my girl obama2012 biden plane mittromney plane paul ryan plane all jettison cityofcleveland hopkins airport right now 2012electionpenny for president election2012 change remember vote early and vote often election2012 voteobama is only trending because it wa promoted. kinda sum up obama s entire political career. meanwhile romneyryan2012 is real deal.rt globalpost . motherjones is mapping voter suppression and poll problem election2012some folk 4get that they re americans when they debate b e gop amp democrats. they act like it s usa v al qaeda. dividedmy voice wa heard obama polling place are now open in all 50 states. electionday election2012rt vanessalachey make sure your voice is heard.. vote election2012rt swindlerella lawll obama forward  madisonec go girl election2012 obama2012rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012vote. obama and biden 2012. vote voteobama election election2012..election related or not. election2012rt chickiepotpie my parent european socialist just voted republican for the first time since becoming citizens. this is big peopl .. obama ha my vote. don t want another bush running the country voteobama romney uselectiongoing to hop the bandwagon here for a moment.. and point out voteobama is trending in canada.. we know where it at. obama2012love comedy central s take on voting. election2012 my son stragslove_me is in line to vote for the first time barackobama all the way let your voice be heard wiright realchange election2012 rt as_wright today is the day romneyryan2012 val_zelyaeva barackobama true richness is something that go beyond just making money the most and fastest way rt wattsstix foward obama it s not about color race gender it s about what s right and proven. there s one other pre ..did you obama2012 4moreyears obama2012 teamobama 2012 i wonder if romney flip-flopped again and voted for obama.. election2012i bet dracula wins. obama romney ndaart dionnaemaree retweet this if you want obama to win and i ll follow you but you must follow back 90sbabyfollowtrain rt dallasgulseth05 don t make a mittstake vote obama rt amhaunted that s it then witchdoctor in barackobama s ancestral village toss shell bone make the call  romney camp cautiously confident energized gop nominee holding 5 rally todaythroughout this whole campaign i ve seen ppl think it s cute to tweet that they r for romney when they r really for obama. it s no game rt stratosathens fairly clear realdonaldtrump feel that his interest are represented by mittromney. there is the answer to your q .. gdeuceswild yeah but the left s opinion is always right why aren t you more open minded ha keep it up matt romneyryan2012 cubbyrt tremelvin dear mittromney fuck you. sincerely the 47 . voteobama rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..the nyt say that obama ha a 90 chance of winning the election - rt conservative_vw almost there uninstalling barackobama 1.0 99 complete today we vote him out drive someone ..rt chromeo funk the vote obama barackobama voter intimidation by black panthers start again because they know the racist injustice dept won t prosecute them.rt renttherunway a great right and responsibility. election2012  obama romney bobby boucher election2012did not know. rt lheron posting a pic of your ballot on social medium in some state that s illegal. election2012interesting 2 c many conservative coming out amp being openly racist etc. 4 this election. cdnpoli gop2012 obama2012 noh8 culture un.the moment is now ocra tcot omg war teaparty p2okay arsenal. according to jamiedalton82 the world s safety is dependant on a win tonight. so no pressure. obama2012i love election day it s like christmas amp new years with a dash of my birthday election2012 politicalnerd msnbc2012rt itsgabrielleu so tempted to rt some of the hateful insulting offensive tweet but today is about positivity amp obama2012 forw ..remember to go vote today romneyryan2012 if president barackobama is not re-elected how will it change your life rt definedarts artoftheday election2012 teamobama vote oil painting defind  obama is in the lead d voteobama barackobama rt my president is black obama2012 vote cnn reporting a number of problem in florida.. why am i not surprised election2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama  obama2012 obamabiden studentsforobama womenforobama fourmoreyears 4moreyears forward four year ago i rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 obama i hope everyone in america vote for obama god obamamustwini will probably be asleep in london before it s official but i m gonna pop some champ anyways cause i m confident in a win. obama2012rt bonniebernstein in the booth. here.. we.. go rockthevote election2012 atmosphere amongst boston republicans electric romneyryan2012 election romneyrt barackobama military wife with 6 child added pell grant benefit ha afforded our family to allow me to go back to school. amy flrt mmuraco93 i love election day obama  rt riemisreal stop posting your ballot romney 47 election rt spinnershabits hey mittromney don t forget to voteobama rt iilluminateyou say hello to a new war usa romneyi liked voting so much i think i ll do it again later electionday election2012 vote2012i don t care who you re voting for i just encourage you to vote unless you re voting for romney then you can stay home forward obama2012rt arossi01 sashaperugini electionusa obama romney syracuseflorence expatriatesusa suf student voted 22sept democratsabroad ht ..so proud of my son lyrical_intel vote obama2012 rt debragarrett hollywood i am not intimidated. hire me for my talent if you want but i am a smart mom grandma and i voted for romney .. infuriating missing machine worker misinforming coaching vote and long line in nyc p2 tcot huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012 barackobama plz look into itstockton shuttle is available to galloway voters in dist 7 amp 16 - meet at big blue - shuttle will run on 1 2 hour schedule election2012exercise your right go and vote obamai ve been waiting on this moment .. obama rt queenmauryn barackobama we love you. we re all with you mr president.rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama prioritized list of thing to complete today 1 play powerball 2 vote for barackobama. hope his chance are better than mine fbthis election is easy to vote for romneyryan2012 noobamart the_ironsheik blitznbeans ff barackobama the_ironsheik you said it perfectly bubba. romney is big time jabronivoted w the crew election2012 rt _bobby_boucher_ obama romney bobby boucher election2012 anjahamilton1 really prof what we already knew jhutch1992 husbandmateria l dqkingofqueens barackobama obama2012rt thecliverich extra bargaining power obama ha a the incumbent will be key - people like to stay committed to something they ve pr ..i m voting for barackobama obama2012 election2012whoever win ohio ha won every election since 1964 election2012 romneyryan2012rt _tjbell this. obama2012 ultima linea del dia just for obama i do this con este frioo rt kateethegrreat if you are voting for obama you vote on wednesday. romneyryan2012rt jayzclassicbars m.j. at summer jam obama on the text y all should be afraid of what i m gon do next on_to_the_next_onemy vote ha been cast obama2012rt gomittromney rt for teamromney amp the landslide stun tonight romney all day .. let s go romneyryan2012 election2012 votert coolclimates decision 2012 by coolclimates on etsy bestofetsy yarn knitting etsyboebot vote election2012today reminds me of why i wanted to be in this city to begin with. so inspired and proud of my generation. election2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 barackobama i voted barack obama today america needs you 4moreyears besmart stopit the object is to get obama back in office not hand it over to romney useyourhead oba just knowing that romney is in boston today make me want to throw up election2012rt dgjackson gov with his i voted sticker. romneyryan2012 rt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. moi just made america 1 vote closer to taking obama out of office romney firsttimevoterrt diamonddiploma happy election day may the handsome man with the five gorgeous son win romneyryan2012rt __chanelnicole mitt romney losing in massachusetts a state that he governed. why vote for him when his own people don t want him ..when romney tell the truth abt obma the dems accuse him of voter suppression. tcot romneyryan2012 barackobama paulocoelho if i were american i would vote for obama rt max_hess marquette election official in the amu believe the busiest time to vote will be from 10-2 today muelection election2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt bradhenderson_ i swear if barackobama doesn t get re-elected i might rage i mean come on first guy to brew beer in the whitehouse.rt poynter the 8 commandment of tweeting today socialmedia journalism election2012rt benwinslow icymi a political sign thief caught on tape. fox13now utpol election2012 utahrt djkrocknj bow bow rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt _eastsidenut my president is black ..rt digiphile - gt mt lheron posting a pic of your ballot on social medium in some state illegal. ..rt gulagbound anyone who doesn t know obama is anti-american anti-christian neo-marxist amp pro-islamist undecided election2012 ..i wanna blow sum presidential shit foe obamatoday is a very important day election2012 teamobamajust say no to binder of woman keeping woman in the kitchen and assuming those that need assistance are freeloader obama2012time to get out and vote people exercise your right romneyryan2012rt david_munoz342 go vote just remember that politician are dirty filthy liars. so no matter who win you lose optimistic obama ..the only way mitt can win this election is if people stay home and do not vote get out and vote obama2012 romney i can bet anything that you want it a much a i do r.i.p. to the black woman that wa beat hung and burned alive by kk from wearing a obama shirt obamart catherinecrier if u have problem voting or question abt election2012 call 1-866-our-vote info 866ourvote email  barackobama need the vote of the youth to help move u forward please get out there and vote if you re of age election2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt usahipster pledge of allegiance pic all have hand over hearts except obama vote romneyryan2012 if obama doesn t win i m leaving the country. romney is a fuck head and i would be ashamed to call him our president. obama2012predicting the next president of the united states using twitter analysis socialmedia election2012rt dollarboyz voteobamathiselection obama2012 to obama2016 awesome video done by dollarboyz worlds largest entertainment company .. romney the only time i ve been in the 1 wa when they tested my blood alcohol breitbartnews so obama is not only not attracting people he s actually repelling them. romneyryan2012rt fergie i have made my choice. my hope is 4 president barackobama 2 get reelected amp get more time 2 turn this country around. ..what environmentalist think about election2012 rt bethalma so romney is out rallying amp obama is sitting at home.. just show you who want to work harder for our country. vo ..i call it for obama prediction obama 290 v 248 romney. who do you think will win us election2012 predicttheprez rt marissaaevans whatever you do today do not instagram post your ballot loisbeckett writes great piece on why ..like a boss rt solyrical finna go get some as first bust this nut then imma go vote for you. barackobamano matter who you re voting for get out there and do it vote election2012 rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..rt sarahstanley to my fellow citizen of usa no matter your opinion on today s election let s all be kind in our word action tho ..rt imagineprints photo voters in philadelphia forced to vote next to giant obama mural via twitchyteam usnavy ..this election is up to u we can control who win obama votert jazzmineparks vote obama please i can t loose my food stamps .i hope that there is an upset in nj s senate race and joekyrillos2012 beat that socialist clown menendez tcot bootbob njgoprt gomittromney today america ha the chance to return the principle that made it the greatest country on earth rt for teamromney ..i already know i m gonna lose some follower tonight after the election..lmao no big deal.. obama 2xrt thebookbabe84 thedemocrats dem s all the way . gawker take a closer look at that viral video of an obama vote being altered to a romney vote election2012rt jenncushing the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. -albert einst ..rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolrt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012presidents don t really do shiieett it come down to congress at the end of the day. vote for obama btw lmaort imtierraanyea i pray obama win . govote .desperation thy name is romney. voteobama obama2012 teamobama rt catherinecrier if you have a problem voting or have question about election2012 call 1-866-our-vote or email info 866ourvote.o ..rt peterulsteen every election is a sort of advance auction in stolen goods. - h.l. mencken election2012 votert stupidboomers my company just laid off 200 people this week-mostly due to obama-care medical device tax tcot theblaze wsj teapa ..fortunately for the gop sesamestreet doesn t have a voting precinct. votert elishanews again socialism tell we the people what we can or can t do. constitutionalism tell government what they can or ca ..a vote for gaydog2012 is a vote for change. raise your paw for the cause on election2012 don t let the issue sit rt l_wheels democrats have the un and black panthers watching the polls. republicans have the navy seals. usa romneyryan2012i just voted. have you voted yet election2012rt econsultancy obama outspends romney online during election2012 infographic fucking vote if you can obama2012u have a 747 with ur name on the side of it - how can u run a country that need the middle class back i am looking u romney. obama2012 barackobama michelleobama joebiden whitehouse i voted and it felt good rt miss_facetious michelle obama is without a shred of doubt my personal favorite first lady. her fight for american youth is unmat ..if you have donated to the mittromney campaign you have literally given money to a man who ha 220m hoarded in offshore bank account fehr007 did you happen to get a picture of that line election2012election day is the only day i really get publicly political. but it s no secret. i voted for barackobama now govote too so when do they actually start declaring insertyourownsunderlandnorthjokehere election2012jill stein s position on ballot initiative jillstein2012 greenparty election2012 vote john 117 for 2012. master chief for president. halo4 election2012good luck barackobama for tonight. you deserve to win. i hope you win and get re-eleceted. vote obama ydsmgofficial iamyoungdsouljahi mittromney dont forget to voteobama today rt globalpost . motherjones is mapping voter suppression and poll problem election2012rt peterulsteen every election is a sort of advance auction in stolen goods. - h.l. mencken election2012 votejust finish voting for romney sike lmao obama rt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. mo poeticflow310 aint nobody fresha than my clique barackthevote 11.6.2012 barackobama michelleobama lolrt eoincmacken please go vote obama2012 .. for the love of god vote obama..just..just..please..rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012 mittromney loan me some start up money for my side hustle and you get my votesupport even kid know who is the better man for the job vote election2012 obama hope forward support lovert bronxzooscobra don t take your freedom for granted. don t be an asp. vote today. election2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt michelleobama today is the day we re-elect barackobama it s going to be a good one rt obeedeebo fyi for all the voter it s illegal to post your ballot on fb twitter instagram. dontdoit election2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt text_sex_next we ain t got no worries obama2012canadians for obama wish we could vote rt liickmacheetah i really hope obama win this election .rt leopardxlover joshgad don t vote for someone who ha maggot in their scrotum manup obama2012feel the rumble barackobama  angel_kink sunny_wr what angel said. mittromney legitimately scare me.be real who all voting for obama because he black i am i support barrackobama . you can hate divorce or leave me on that basis.with him a president the world move forward. election2012rt allhailqueent12 s o to everybody voting for the 1st time salute election2012uhh duhh nopictures ballots obama2012 obamabiden2012 obama obamabiden seriously rt gomittromney rt if you think barackobama is going to get fired teamromney election2012 vote romneyryan2012 electiondayrt miss_facetious if obama wasn t running i still wouldn t vote for romney rt allenforrest i voted barackobama katyperry in my election day swag oprah gayleking rt genna_dgaf ihope amp pray obama winss.rt sonyclassics happy voting day feeling political watch an spc doc after going to the poll rent thefogofwar insidejob or whywe ..like a true teacher.. i slept in til 11 now i m going to vote.. thanks federal govt for the mental health day election2012time for the victory 2012 pep rally come one come all rushlimbaugh tcot romneyryanrt ajelive an ohio auto union leader tell aje s scottheidler a romney presidency would mean an attack on labour ..just a friendly reminder go vote latism latinovote election2012  stefcutter if u want our support for a barackobama agenda in 2013 dont screw u by disabling election night event on rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama vote amp party or die dtnationevents cheickmeout forward obama2012 happy election day if i were a resident in the usa my vote would go to mittromneyrt c_krame voted for my dude romney today. ..rt iilluminateyou when obama wins what are u republicans gonna do besides say racist shit rt 1supremegoddess prayers rt suzibasterd let s hope this election is decided upon by the voter not the lawyers. amen. twister ..my friend gave me this red white amp blue bracelet to wear for good luck today. we need a new president. tcot mr. romney ha an economic policy that work only if you don t believe most of what he says. -the economist classic election2012rt 99ermikeb even if i wasn t a dem i wouldn t vote romney. he s like a fart in the kitchen with cheap air freshener sprayed all ove ..i really just want to fast forward to tonight. election2012 cantafford4more vote romneyryan for a strong usa tcot rt khshan obama corrupt. romney honest. enough said. teamromneyconservative celebs are very rare but so happy to know that my 2 favs are proud republicans melissajoanhart candacecbure romneyryan2012rt gregabbott_tx my lawsuit against obama have been worth every penny. after today my lawsuit may go away. t ..rt ann_blakely in case you haven t heard it s election day romneyryan2012 rt paulaabdul first thing that came to my mind this morning wa a 4 letter word vote happy election day xoxop election2012get out and vote obama2012 election2012 its important democracy rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt literallyfedup today obama will get his standdown order from the american people.. united we stand don t forget to vote vote election2012 steampunklincoln steampunk nyc forecast fri 11 9 12 night mostly clear. low temp 42f. ows tcot tlot vote president barackobama teamobama nikkirichshow 2012 election day rt harrietbaldwin flashback pa senator bob casey voted to continue funding acorn via breitbartnews tcot teapa .. barackobama . good luck mr president . from scotlandfr lacy hunt on our economic future america is heading toward the debt bang point tcotrt nephewtommy this is a big day america participation is a must vote or shut up lets get it done obama2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt bankrollmarkus romney v obama. the baby know. rt ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -rasrt wendywilliams happy election day rt if you voted election2012 votea romney supporter said i think it will go down to the wire. see what others in lorton said patchelections mittromney i voted for forward progress . not reversing what ha already been done and our country s progression. minnesotaforobamart thenewdeal forget what nate silver or the polls say. staying home b c you think obama has this in the bag would be a terrible mista .. barackobama love and child draw thing for we love u and we hope u win coz u deserve it yours amani emedbrezzy wakaflockabsm download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012. woodhouseb to daniellibit of romney - they are using a lot of resource that could be used to get out the vote rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..rt jengrunwald didn t get an i voted sticker here i made this for you election2012 captainamerica rt _anuglyduckling plz take down any photos of ur ballot it is illegal nd could void ur vote vote election obama bo election201 ..can t wait to go vote. romneyryan2012vote for the ultra cool gangster thug that talks like a white guy. vote obama -- voteobama romney obamart ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..jay-z for president election2012rt cloewearsjeans attention people spread the word obama2012 after the election tonight there s a good chance republicans will hate mittromney just a much a the rest of us. loserrt slone dems terrorists detroit polls obama campaigner punches voter in face tcotrt u_lovemex3 jay z said we got 99 problem but mitt aint one obama obama rt tjurman in this election i voted for love of country. romneyryan2012 tcot ohio _harleyrae obama didn t keep his promise why have a president that can t keep promises. romney is the better choice end of story.even tho i voted a while ago i guess i could express my vote. obama2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt paulmccartney paul mccartney sends his support to barackobama thedemocrats election2012 rt ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -rasrt michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. ..polling line pic are startling even outside sandy s path it seems like people have to wait hour to vote. what give election2012 barackobama is my president.. and he is going to win fingers crossed for the election.. patzvander lowrycl amp i will be watching at the berlin dems viewing party. expat love for barackobamart anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..yes we can obama2012rt taraeverett i look and feel like crap but i still went out to vote. romneyryan2012 rt zo_sigmas come out to the election2012 watch party tonight 7pm. naismith hall.well you kno chicago rocking wit barackobamart sorfiya huffingtonpost final poll give obama the 11th hour lead election2012 finger crossed rt julienaser1 please vote for obama obama2012rt lisalaflammectv here s a handy hour-by-hour breakdown of what to watch for tonight. election2012 ctvelection rt ihoenation if you are a romney supporter please post a picture of your completed ballot show your support for romney rt amp spr ..rt cafcofficial on the two occasion that cafc have played on the same night a a us election the republicans have won mw electio ..you spelled obama wrong obamabiden2012 rt ayfitzjay romneyryan2012 romneyryan2012 romneyryan2012 rt betseyross navy seals to confront black panthers at polling places ncpol p2 tcot msnbc cnn lnyhbti voted for barackobama i m voting today if you don t vote then you have no say. obamavoting day and super anxious about the results. election2012 barackthevotert antderosa oops rt lheron at least 460k people instagrammed their ballot so far. in some state that s illegal. ..rt stevenertelt dems shred gop voter registrations obama mural at polling venue romneyryan2012 prolifepoliticsrt ihoopstar17 go vote yhur opinion counts. yhur vote doe matter. obama2012 shondarhimes this is the second election i have been able to vote in. i am proud to say i voted for obama again.rt bankrollmarkus romney v obama. the baby know. rt kissmebeautiful dondrewhitfield i voted. obama j8descloset ..in full effect..team obama 2012.. neik_mcluvin msigetmoney rt dchriston rt realbigghomie you can vote up unitl 8 00 hit dem polls up obama2012i think ds tym it wil be mittromney bt want barackobama to win..rt chickiepotpie my parent european socialist just voted republican for the first time since becoming citizens. this is big peopl ..rt antderosa oops rt lheron at least 460k people instagrammed their ballot so far. in some state that s illegal. .. datboi_kardi obama won obama won nigga officialwebbie voice rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt heykim election2012 if you live in these states it s illegal to instagram your ballot  smtlive webinar about social medium and it use s during election2012 is underway. listen in amp send question ima need my kent state follower to step up and spread obama2012 we need ohio election day think with your head america vote wisely romneyryan2012 nomoreyearsrt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..stop posting your ballot obama2012rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..rt forromney2012 retweet if you ve voted for romneyryan2012  barackobama stop posting pic of the ballot that s illegalrt colormered while romney s father marched for civil rights where wa obama s father learning marxism tcot v ..do not let those fucking welfare monkeys steal this election truethevote election2012 romneyryan2012 govote tcot romney2012bright amp early occupythevote electionday obama2012 just finished voting for amyklobuchar keithellison and barackobama movingforward election2012 rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama  barackobama please win today. please. i m begging you voteobama obama2012rt dgjackson gov with his i voted sticker. romneyryan2012 he got my vote obama2012 but i digress . . . obama2012 voteordiert iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known  armenatoyan i m in line romneyryan2012 lol if you vote today keep your mouth shut for the next 4 years. you put them there. election2012rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt acrusoejr romney v obama. the baby know. rt ronniejordan if ur a female that vote for romney u should have ur vagina revoked.. womensrights obama2012 yabiisshrt therock before i vote - final question.. who wake up first and start kickin as before sunrise mittromney or barackobama cincrt l1ldebbie ppl still need reason to voteobama ok..womens right to choose gay equality immigration amp health reform nuff sai ..as a canadian being in the states for election2012 is pretty exciting i pray i wake up to good news obama2012rt i_am_iman hope everyone exercised their right. get out and vote obama2012 post90s. election2012 what s your party celebrate democracy with a red amp blue day bacon blue burgers amp cherries jubilee rt charisdakota let s paint the country red romneyryan2012 red electiondayrt britheebest just voted for the time first time make sure you vote everyone obama2012 mittromney when you win tonight.. please remember the people affected by hurricane sandy devastation romneyryan2012 election2012the impact of obama re-election or romney presidency on mideast via paul_salem barackobama iowa i m not ready to give up the fight. i ve got a lot more fight left in me. votert frogsupply i have spent countless day away from my family sacrificing for you to have the right to vote today. yes even you democr ..voted for mittromney romneyryan2012rt djackua obama2012 go for it rt __shooter romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt rockchadmichael i voted for at mittromney what about you rt ibeliebthebieb oh amp voteobama voteobama voteobama voteobama voteobama voteobama voteobama voteobama voteobama voteoba ..just voted with my dad for our first time romneyryan2012 vote for wendylongforny mittromney nysenmy election2012 menu gonna be a very late very unhealthy but ultimately very tasty night obama2012 rt stevenertelt national right to life pro-lifers must vote for mitt romney romneyryan2012rt sara_mcdaniel_ gonna have a terrific time tryin to vote this afternoon.. but it s all worth it romneyryan2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012happy election day please go out and vote election2012rt skynewspr reporting from colorado skynews political correspondent sophyridgesky ha also blogged for grazia_live ..team obamaif anyone received porn spam from me at this account please let me know. thanks. notcool obama2012rt cj31016 the coverage of election2012 on bing is just excellent. check it out bingelectionsi m watching united states presidential election 2012 2023 others checked-in getglue election2012mt greenmarie99 why obama now absolutely positively required viewing. get off the fence p2 p21 tlot topprog obama better win this election or there s goin to be problems.. smh.. teamobama2012rt redstate gop fight for a fair election in pennsylvania rs tcotamerica or obama you can t have both vote 4 romney romneyryan2012rt ima_partyboy my president is black ..rt iilluminateyou lol i love all these angry romney fans talking shit to me hahahatons of places offering free food and other election2012 deals in boston mavote romney win would spark trade war tank apple gm and ford election gop vote us economyrt joshuanass retweet this if you are voting for mittromney today to get this country back on track if you don t vote you re an idiot. -- chris matthews amen msnbc election2012 loudbus is voting today obama and are focusing on local government.rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word .. priorities2012 that why i voted for mittromney not the prez..rt dhrxsol1234 you changed your clocks don t forget to change your president tcot p2 tlot barackobama that s my wife voting in her first election in stoughton - ma forward rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..idk about you all but i am not obamaself obama fuckromneyrt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known rt callmeauburn 1 tiny drop of water isn t much at all. but a million tiny drop will overflow the bucket. your vote doe count. be he .. joebiden 4moreyearsrt chickiepotpie my parent european socialist just voted republican for the first time since becoming citizens. this is big peopl ..widespread reports of gop voter intimidation 3 states oh pa fl p2 topprog lgbtwe got this. romneyrt tombradysego breaking tony romo went to cast his ballot this morning and that got intercepted and return for a touchdown. electi ..dems in line preaching communism amp atheism conspiracy romneyryan2012 romney2012 mittromney2012 mitt gop tcot nobama loveofcountryrt jfktruther thousands of shocking threats of violence by obama supporters on the eve of the election rt ap election watch if you re voting in washington d.c. better put your phone away election2012 -raswe in line to vote obama2012  naterr_ thatta kid romneyryan2012 barackobama mittromney it s election day americans head to the poll to vote for who will be the next uspresident.who s voting for obama today rt sandybelknapnh organized chaos at ledge st school. short line amp full booth at 11am nashuapatch nashuatelegraph election2 ..rt goingthroughell just voted in nj election2012 line 30-45min wait. inspiring so many are voting lt --awesome goddamnit twitter don t pop up a misspelled trend. romneyryan2012go obama obama obama obama with obama a president of the usa the american can be a part of the worldrt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..it s your vote. your country. your choice. who are you going to vote for romneyryan2012 rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..starting at 6pm est we ll be covering key race from across the country. join u at tcot tlot gop2012rt asialexiaa i m so pumped for today . obama2012i m watching united states presidential election 2012 2023 others checked-in getglue election2012when it reppin time obama  callmeauburn let get it obama 2termsdid the gop blow it by cheating ronpaul delegate at rnc or what how to energize your base - gt writeinronpaul tlotrt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012 voteobama election2012 america usa c mon obama take that republican pleb down hmm.. no nobama romneyryan2012 on my way to vote2012 i m so nervous for today because i don t want a certain someone to win. obama2012 everyone.rt dacw10 obama in trouble w black vote. alameda county ca early voting 10 of 2008. disappointed w crime unemployment amp bad schoo ..rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012check out america s most unhealthy president election2012 votert yungprecise vote barackobama if you don t wanna serve the rich the rest of your life. no one win if romney win -this wa spons .. savebradley you are aware romney want to grant an unrequested 2t dollar to the military sound like a man pro military whistleblower rt usahipster never forget. obama played over 100 rounds of golf while 25m americans are unemployed. vote romneyryan2012i just votedobama d obama2012 forwardoff to go vote.. hope the line isn t forever long election2012cant wait til tonight when we see obama winunlike everyone else the issue are what influenced my decision.-jason not a uofa student election2012 journalism205the most important state is ohio amp obama is up 250 to 247 - time to vote. romneyryan2012 or obama2012 rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known rt defendpaulryan rt if you voted romneyryan2012 today loveofcountry tcotplease remember the golden rule of social medium better to be right than first. election2012 arelexrt _bluke_2424 no matter who are president is no one will do a good job. america is to fucked up. but still obama till the endrt defendpaulryan rt if you voted romneyryan2012 today loveofcountry tcotrt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..rt guillermo_z polls in virginia close 7pm. if romney doesn t win there he ha no chance. if obama win ohio the race is over. h ..india closely watch indian-origin candidate in us poll joverdorf globalpost india romney obamadon t forget to vote y all romneyryan2012  2terms go out n vote u may make a difference obama2012 my knowledge of american politics is minimal but i do know obama ha a solid j obama obama obama ou student check out these campus watch party via oudaily election2012 luscious curves model agency is voting for obama2012rt capt_crackbarry fraud is the only way obama win today if good people turn out to vote go vote tcot teaparty ocrart polo_mcswagger spencerhawes00 vote for america. vote mittromney and paulryanvp ima come to ya practice n beat ya planet of da ..rt _bobby_boucher_ obama romney bobby boucher election2012 alexis_fields i felt proud to walk in and vote when black woman back in the day couldn t obama2012 let s go downloading picture of my granny voting the most beautiful sight that i ever saw. election2012rt biasedgirl also if you are voting in va remember to vote yes on question 1 in favor of property rights. voteromney romneyryan2012rt lukemitchell__ if i were american i d vote obama. presidentialelectionrt mittromney as gas price continue to rise even barackobama admits he doesn t have a comprehensive energy policy. my mama want obama and my aunt want romney .. they arguing back and forth hard.rt istayhigh_duhh if obama win smoke out at my house er bdy invited .. bt if romney win shoot out wea eva dat mudafuka at ..rt sealscotland obama v romney whales v cows uselection choice v worldwide lifestyle choice take a brea .. election2012 electionday i voted firsttimert tharealcurtisy election day i m tense knowing that whoever get elected decides the fate of our country. go obama rt jenny__hunt the vand. co. election app will give you the wait time for the voting centers. election2012rt tscott_2 romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole n ..raise your voice its your right vote president obama cool swag raiseyourvoice ig style freedom glad i got to vote election2012 romneyryan2012my message to the gop kiss my.. voteforobama womenforobama election2012 nytelection my castle rt scienceofsin super obamaniacs vote in virginia. let s get er done vaforobama vote barackobama katyperry rt ilovelebieber come on barackobama bbyrt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt _bobby_boucher_ obama romney bobby boucher election2012thank you digimatized wow. yahoo s election2012 control room kudos hilella and teamrt amyelisabethx shout out to mama amp papa ruby for working the poll for barackobama today making sure that everyone who want t ..ya ll annoyed yet then get your ass up and vote so you can quit reading my tweets. lbvs obama2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom .. god bless america. pray mitt2012 tcot  barackobama jayz brucespringsteen hanging out rt sierrabeckham reason i didn t vote for democrats nobama i dont want my son growing up in a godless country tcot gop blacks4romneyrt jvmcardle i voted did you romneyryan2012 vote2012rt itsgabrielleu yes rt ekeratsis i will stand in line all day in miami for barackobama. you can count on me rt bluegrasspundit to my libertarian follower i understand the concept of a protest vote but today isn t the time. tlot tcot mormonmitt romney s tie to iran-contra scandal - broward palm beach - news - the daily pulp - tcotrt jonwexford vote vote vote vote vote this is our chance to push big government back. don t be lazy and waste the opportunity. ..so gop fight obama tooth and nail attacking their previous stance party of hellno complains obama is partisan morons hypocritetonimariestyles s photo obama2012 imortant update i gotta go vote after work if obama dont win im never ever voting again and the only reason im votin cuz he blackrt bbcnewsus the economy iran healthcare abortion - what would romney and obama do differently on key us election2012 issue ht ..rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..rt cafcofficial on the two occasion that cafc have played on the same night a a us election the republicans have won mw electio ..rt iam_mrturner sayy all my collegestudents if romney win u kan kiss them refund goodbye lt lt lmaowe hold these truth to be self evident that all men are created equal - declaration of independence obama2012rt itz_yungwun_mhk just sent obama2012 this song we on listenrt lexiebonjangels mittromney i hate you bitch i hope you don t win instagram the new lazy cop lol book em danno.. vote president america obama got nobody to blam but urs today is election2012 time to vote excited to barack the vote usa barackobamaanyone know what time the election result are announced uk time obamart jjauthor victory speech dgjackson gov working on tonight s speech on the plane a we fly to ohio. romneyryan2012 ..rt teamalba really hope barackobama get re-elected i personally wouldn t like someone like mitt romney running my country obama2012rt m_minnehan tonight i ll find out whether or not i have to move to canada. obama2012yes obama2012 rt thisistherealjt maximum big surprise.. we re coming up on re-election daymy twitter merry go round is spinning so fast today there s no way to keep up. mittromney romneyryan2012 bring it home rt pranganathan sending love amp light amp good wish to everyone in the beautiful usa on election2012 electionday3 of the uk tt s right now are voteobama teamobama obama2012 y i like this. superobama lol. superman barackobama obama rt mrs_uno_rere no class today but omw out to make a difference obama2012 obama2012rt silowet2006 u need yo as beat smh rt realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan2012 vote ..lordy. look at all this peer pressure. i say stay home. election2012i got 99 problem but mitt aint 1 hit me obama don t forget romney wants to kill bigbird with a binder full of bayonets and stuff. voteobama obama2012 election2012 2012electionphoto voter wait inline to vote in willimantic election2012 at elks lodge 1311 eventhough i can t vote everyone who can go out and workthatpoll obama2012voted obama in the uk trend they re 3 trend about voting for obama. yes i m not the only person in uk who loves him voteobama obama2012this is now in ohio votenow barackobama joebiden everybody is entitled to their own opinion. therefore everyone is right electionday election2012taking the wife to the poll election2012 then to lunch. would love a nooneri encourage everyone to go vote today. especially the 47 . it s go time and we have to make it count. virginia 2012election obama2012barack h. obama ha my vote. the change i believe in. obama2012 rt usahipster yes gt gt gt navy seals attack obama with billboards in texas romneyryan2012 cloewearsjeans attention people spread the word obama2012 lol our generation i bet. rt koolmoe21 uninstalling .. obama .. 99.5 complete so mad my absentee ballot never got to me . i wish we could just vote in consultes or embassy s in person election2012 obama2012did u obama teamobama motherfuckmitt amp all u buck county cunt that wit that pussy rt bobhandtv lunch time on election day. what pizza are you choosing mittromney or barackobama h t buzzfeed ..rt vote411 attn ny voter those impacted by sandy can vote at any polling place. gotv election2012 educateth  mittromney fucking prickrt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama dems shred gop voter registrations obama mural at polling venue romneyryan2012 jeanneanemaxon miforbachmannare you fired up obama2012rt longhornblondie mittromney paulryanvp don t let the liberal media dissuade you mountain amp pacific voters.. your vote will cou ..last chance to volunteer for barackobama find an event near you rt steveweinstein mitt plummeting on intrade. down 6 today to 27 . obama2012 rt hubcitydre my vote is in obama ya bish vote obama2012 not down with blacks4romneyrt hoopen_ no pussy should have to give birth to such an ugly child. rt ricky_catanzaro no nigger should lead this country romney gamecocknation clem_sux romney obama spurrier election2012  pourme i mean really..do we really want to see 16 00 new irs agent ..duh .. tcot rt lesliee__ i m voting for cady heron because she pushed regina george in front of the bus. sorryimnotsorry election2012 elec ..laying on the couch watching fox news. i feel old. election2012rt teapartyftl us election is a referendum on civilization only nation left in which freedom is still on the ballot ..no matter who win there is always going to be unhappy people and argument election2012twerk yo as for obama 2termz teamobama obama2012.rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt altheron3 they lie about him throw dirt on his name when all he did wa try to help.. obama 2012rt nwjerseyliz i m not watching any election2012 tv coverage until the poll close here at 8 pm. until vote are counted it s all sp ..people need to stop acting like they give a fuck. tweeting romneyryan2012 or obama2012 just make you look ignorantrt germany_sadae obama ha to win our health care education and job are at stake obama2012 vote vote ..rt bankrollmarkus romney v obama. the baby know. rt jos21 now i can sit up to watch tv again wonder if i can manage to watch some us election result ..hope romney will end up in do ..rt spikereed amp to think i wanted to fuck u rt realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan ..rt sophiabush before you vote tomorrow watch this. this is what barackobama is fighting for. rt itstycun __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama let s make ..rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt marcusalzona with the kid in bethesda getting out the gopmontgomery vote for mittromney dbongino amp kentimmerman moco md ..me too rt twingals keeping finger crossed rt marion754 twingals i m soo nervous on my way out to vote obama2012i may possibly be the only person who doesn t like obama romneyrt gzahnd fox news is currently focused on the black panthers. cc mike_ftw election2012 misty eyed. every time. november 2012. suffragettesholdtheline govote election2012 another rigged voting machine at the 2012 election obama romney sandy latino we are being robbed paper vote rt rock1chef biden plane mittromney plane paul ryan plane all jettison cityofcleveland hopkins airport right now 2012election tcot test your real age amazing..  technopolitics i know but just voicing an opinion to those who want mittromney to beat barackobama. little reflection perhaps election barackobama goodluck today all the way from northern ireland voteobama if not come to britain  hardball_chris i m with you chris i ve got my cooking done ready for tonight with msnbc.. going to vote now. obama2012 obamart iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known rt 99ermikeb even if i wasn t a dem i wouldn t vote romney. he s like a fart in the kitchen with cheap air freshener sprayed all ove ..my tl is all bout barackobama amp amp ducidni i love it murricathey must be worried biden making a stop in cleveland. i predict 3 gaffes. romneyryan2012rt usahipster my president ha told me for 5 year that he hate me. that is why ivotedforromney romneyryan2012 tcot obama2012 gett inrt iamnikki_rich sure did 7 50 am this morning - rt vibevixen itgirl_wynter iamnikki_rich thanks boo did you both vote oba ..allright america don t screw this up. obama2012rt bbcnewsus the economy iran healthcare abortion - what would romney and obama do differently on key us election2012 issue ht ..god in heaven please give u a president that love this country and everything it stand for. tomorrow is veterans day mittromneyrt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012it saddens me to kno i share birthday with realstaceydash she lost her mind 1 20 obama not da other guyrt gomittromney today america ha the chance to return the principle that made it the greatest country on earth rt for teamromney .. election2012 thank god for great america.am not an american but i wish obama all the besti really hope obama win voteobama teamobama obama2012 election2012if u dont know where to vote click here and type in the address where u are registered election2012rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012rt chiefbrody1984 romney v obama. the baby know. rt mistahmarvel well dont shop on black friday then rt b_4stel it s called the white house for a reason let keep it that way romne ..breaking joebiden paulryan and mittromney are all in cleveland at the moment. planes are on the tarmac at cle.cc amraxx rt defarv analiticaredes 83 infographics on presidential election in usa election2012rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..voting obama hope that usa make the right decision today. it s time to get back on track instead of the wack as way we ve been going romneyryan2012rt lolgop the candidate who know that if every citizen can vote they ll lose romneyryan2012lol hreins voting texts from your mom. obama2012 p2 tcot barackobama will win today if everyone who can vote do so a pick the man who know what he want to do and is firm with moving u forwardrt lawblob shocking photo of black panther member intimidating voter in ohio tcot govote romney2012 breaking joebiden paulryan and mittromney are all in cleveland at the moment. planes are on the tarmac at cle.rt lydiablaine i think meganannad is just a upset a i am that we re only 17 and can t vote for romneyryan2012.. babyconservativesgonna be a long day. polka dot help brighten the mood. coffee election2012 obama2012 mapoli rt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012if romney win and not obama i will protest obama obama obamajust voted for the first time and voted republican for everything except for todd akin. that guy a douche. romneyrt l1ldebbie ppl still need reason to voteobama ok..womens right to choose gay equality immigration amp health reform nuff sai ..rt florentdechard barackobama yo bro..tonight u better say fiddlesticks in ur speech. thanks  barackobama we can t vote but if we could we would kenyans obama tukopamojart michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. moearly result show that obama is leading in agege abule egba and the ajegunle district of the state of ohio..lolzz election2012today is going by soo slow. romneyryan2012 mittromney paulryan - we are with you. witter is censoring romney supporter big time so ignore bs trends twitter is for obama.i did my part did u vote vote2012 obama obama2012 obamaforpresiden teamobama rt verifiedwhitney romney cannot win he don t give a fuck about us. vote for someone who do which is obama voteobama obama2012rt jaenatl tamimarler team obama is trending. lets get this party started. teamromney rt until it hurts. romneyryan2012 mittro ..it s time for a little r amp r romneyryan2012rt bankrollmarkus romney v obama. the baby know. rt rightallthetime obama supporter punch romney supporter in the face. tcotrt jeremybird just like barackobama this morning you can inspire someone to vote by making some call ..rt lexiebonjangels mittromney i hate you bitch i hope you don t winrt bluedupage slain former seal used in stump speech thought romney was pathetic friend romneyryan2012 mit ..election judge wears obama hat in obama s home ward via breitbartnews tcot tbrsrt antigiant american women im not going to tell u who to vote for but if romney win this may be the last time you re legally allow ..rt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012rt shannonsteidl front page of ny post today lnyhbt romneyryan2012 rt bottlesnblunts_ lrt my number one reason that i m not stressing over election2012 _ godgotthisx__x rt solyrical finna go get some as first bust this nut then imma go vote for you. barackobamart a_lise i voted for obama because unfortunately i can t just borrow money from my parent to afford college.best shirt ever romney ryan republican gparenti17 dknoxex7 love this romneyryan2012 merica rt wsvn 700 absentee ballot have already been thrown out because they didn t have a signature. election2012 via kevinozebekrt krten1966 today i voted for the future casting vote for taylorfornd heidi4nd pamgulleson and for barackobamart iamrashidajones ladies this is our election. don t take your rights for granted. old dude want to control your body w laws. don .. election2012 i voted go vote i voted obama hyfr immexican democrat rt j_elliott24 4 year ago obama s theme wa change how bout we go ahead and give him some change by electing mittromney romneyr ..one thing you should remember today.. nm2012 election2012 i have faith that obama will win this obama2012rt scottbeale rt lheron posting a pic of your ballot on social medium in some state that s illegal. election2012what are you seeing at your pollingplace send u photo election2012 pollwatchrt calecanter i d rather be in debt with human right than be rich with none. obama2012 eatshitmittmy president is black obama2012 vote rt ericbalfour i m voting for barackobama because he represents the america i want to live in where everyone can succeed not just the ..rt jamices everyone complaining about how this country need change. why would we vote for the same guy then romneyryan2012rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..i m excited to vote tonight obamart stevenertelt dems shred gop voter registrations obama mural at polling venue romneyryan2012 prolifepoliticsrt stevenertelt national right to life pro-lifers must vote for mitt romney romneyryan2012rt nvr4get91101 this is the most important election of our lifetime. it s time 2 put an end 2 tyranny savetherepublic vote romneyr ..rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt deathstarpr happy election day everyone. remember to make your vote count obamabiden2012 romneyryan2012 palpatinevade ..present chrishughes awesome to see so many lining up to vote at 16th and m in dc. election2012 washington dc happy election day twitter my fellow americans please vote obama biden. vote for marriage equality. for women. for love. vote obama2012rt supricky06 thank goodness it s election day because imsickof all the ad election2012today the day obama2012 youalreadyknowrt johnseibel peaceful and fair election. regardless who win the vote we win for voting. obama romney americart samsigmon today is the day romneyryan2012rt adamtsmith voting machine switching vote from obama to romney how is this even possible vote election2012i d never vote for someone who allows people to sit on their as and live off food stamp romneyryan2012romney s slogan keep america american wa the same used by the kk.. whattakeeper obama2012rt michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. ..after this is all over.. i wonder if mittromney will change his position on..ever wanting to be president..rt tommyaverill1 my kick for the day. obama rt karldickey rogerjstonejr govgaryjohnson - that s 6 of the vote for a start in election2012 - plenty to build on for election2016 nevada not sure wheretovote check out here go out and vote for freedom tcot romeny latino woman jobrt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpolrt encsunshine im legitimately praying for our country. hoping we won t live in a shit hole for the next 4 years. lets continue to mor ..rt imagineprints senbillnelson voted 4 tarp obamacare stimulus.rt to tell your friend bill nelson bad for florida flsen flpol tc ..cannot wait until romney loses. still failing to see how that idiot would make this country better. make the right choice people obama2012 fcbester that is if the libs can t steal our election first tcot tppatriotsrt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama  election2012 i hear obama is losing by 300 votes is that true rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..i voted teamobama obama for president rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt elishanews again socialism tell we the people what we can or can t do. constitutionalism tell government what they can or ca .. obama2012 barackobama not even american but want obama to win dhey justin_kanew don t you think there is a good chance mittromney voted for barackobama flipflop 4more election2012mitt romney without morally repugnant policy and tax evasion is like fifty shades without the whip and chains. election2012why do some people oppose obamacare what doe obamacare do obamacare election election2012rt milanchrisgordy today is the day..get up get out and vote.. team barack obama obama2012rt scienceofsin super obamaniacs vote in virginia. let s get er done vaforobama vote barackobama katyperry rt geechigang_ retweet this if you want obama to win and i ll follow you but you must follow back 90sbabyfollowtrain rt akilproductions i pray that we americans make the best choice obama 4another4rt munhengawenungu to america obama support shabanie mine fc..romney doesn t support football.never trust a man who doesn t support f .. theteaparty_net where are the seals i heard they were camping out in phili. romneyryan2012 navyseals tcot romney45 voteromney ofa_pa rt this if you ve voted for barackobama today.rt ap election watch pregnant chicago woman doesn t let being in labor stop her from voting election2012 -rasobama s black panthers are back intimidating voters tcot teaparty icon tlot p2everybody is entitled2they own opinion amp they own vote. but4 shelly_smyth to talk about black is so ignorant. all type of race votin 4 obamacalling it now obama will lose cause of some voting issue and romney gunna take over election2012rt same_ole_g06 just let my voice be heard along with my mom dad auntie and grandma election2012 teamobama rt cmn reminder it could be illegal to upload a picture of your ballot on instagram. via laurengoode elect ..rt trippy_swag i already know i m gonna lose some follower tonight after the election..lmao no big deal.. obama 2xrt tamekaraymond i m also very excited to predict potus barackobama victory im straight up calling it yep another 4 year teamob ..wear your i voted sticker in to boomyogurtbar for a free ounce of yogurt today boulder election2012 chicago please don t give up if your polling place ha changed vote obama2012proudly wearing my romney ryan button all day. gop2012 americadeservesbetterrt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012rt barackobama we re coming to the end of a long campaign all that s left to do is get out the vote. let s win this. -boif your a college student and receive financial aid you should be voting for obama2012 nipplezayn download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012 anticsofacunt barackobama is he didn t knowrt beeradvocate pro-tip drink beer after you vote. election2012 nomistakesgo vote today - anyone and everyone now forward fourmoreyears obama yeswecan voteobamawhen i walked into the polling station at a church they asked if i wa here to vote. do i look like i m coming to pray election2012rt anniesnutrition .rt sturdyalex watch the video read the story underneath. answers on a postcard. voterigging obama romney http ..jack and i say to get out and vote. voteobama obama2012 rt bankrollmarkus romney v obama. the baby know. rt traceyeedmonds votedobama traceyeedmonds yes this ec so u got it right..- barackobama lt lol awesome hey you funny business in philly gop official booted black panthers return liberalscheat tcot liberalscheatunbelievable rt caintv obama mural inside pennsylvania polling place tcotrt anniejclark wish i wa american just for today so i could vote barackobamart collegetownlife alright everybody we all understand our duty to get out there and vote. now please shut the fuck up. election2012proudly voted. obama2012our ancestor fought hard for this you can make a difference . obama biden voteno ivoted rt lynlove10 i needa get my lazy as up and go vote obama 2termsskeeping obama prez one vote at a time teamobama obama2012rt lifesalyric the only bad decision in voting this election2012 is not voting rt ipsospa check out reuters election2012 microsite uspolirt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama infographic how both presidential candidates grossly outspent their predecessors election2012eric holder s new black panthers. what a guy. loudobbsnews tcot thejusticedept is the new injusticedepti have no doubt in my mind barackobama is gonna win this election happy election day obama2012 mittromney2012rt teambachmann rt if you voted for love of country. mnred mn06 gotv tcot stribpoljust voted romneyryan2012 rt iilluminateyou say hello to a new war usa romneyrt katieearman ill keep my money gun and freedom and you can keep the change . romneyryan2012 ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -ras rt ap election watch pregnant chicago woman doesn t let being in labor stop her from voting election2012 -rasnothing i have said in the past should reflect on my position in the future. - mittromneyrt erickbrockway rsmccain republicans be of good cheer. do not be discouraged by anything you read or see today. if we go all-out ..wow ryan romney and biden are all on the tarmac at the airport in cle can you ohio when obama win the election he should get a tattoo. i don t care of what it would just be awesome. cnn obama2012you know what you have to do obama  barackobama fly me 2 the moon at least you didn t have to stand in this line get out amp vote perspective vote2012 election2012 ele alright it been entertaining for the last 18 month but let be serious america there is no way you re voting in romney election2012hilariously moronic how pornstars are campaigning against a measure that would create more government involvement and for barackobama.rt kreayshawn if you show me proof you voted tmmrw i will follow you.. if that help any.. obama2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012why did 60 minute hold part of obama interview romneyryan2012 govotert redstate evangelicals are key to romney win in ohio rs tcotromney and ryan are in cleveland election2012 moivory barackobama v103atlanta waok looking good mo it will be close. i m glued to the coverage rt starjonesesq just talked to milwaukee getoutthevote remember there is no voterid requirement in wisconsin. the court struck do ..headcanon even sanrio is begging you to vote obama with their vote campaign collection obama2012 sanrio headcanonrt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. moanyone notice the sweet election2012 landing page that twitter ha set up rt mcmackey1 there is still time lorddisick2012 election2012rt huffpostgreen what environmentalist think about election2012 rt fran_tarkenton voting is the foundational act that breathes life into the principle of the consent of the governed. -deforest soar .. barackobama michelleobama - i got your back 4 more - let s do this no doubt no worry obama got thisrt propublica if having one of longest ballot in florida history wasn t enough absentee voter had to deal with this ..rt softballdipprob obama dip skoal berry blend pouch and biden dip kayak grape. softballdipprobz support romneyryan2012 rt if ..what first nikkiminaj now lilwayne that s fine with me. romneyryan2012 u wack girl realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan2012 vote2012 vote rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama  barackobama vote for obama is voting the manrt singerboyjetz you dont see photos like this of romney.. obama2012 happy election day we voted forward obama2012 familyfun rt iilluminateyou dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known rt deeinok my 23 yr old son and 87 yr old grammy are voting for obama today in fl forward2012rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word .. noah_ruby28 every_day164 agrees with me romneyryan2012rt digiphile - gt mt lheron posting a pic of your ballot on social medium in some state illegal. ..grandpa joe rt joebiden joe photo of the day the vp cast his vote in delaware. time to vote- follow your heart to lead our nation closer to equality amp further away from ignorance obama2012rt fastcoexist survey says..neither obama nor romney have inspired much hope in voter election2012rt ap seeing voting problem at your polling place send detail photo and video to ap election2012 -eci will cry if mittromney isn t our president teamromney noobama obama2012 for woman s rights.i hope everyone remembers what the election is really about today- not marriage and abortion but our economy and military romneyryan2012rt kfizz21 romneyryan2012 because.. well you ve seen what s happened the last 4 years. barackobama wish u well barack my black president.don t complain about who win the white house if you don t vote. vote election2012 obama romneyrt pudingtane demand congress investigate and prosecute obama s benghazi cover-up romneyryan2012rt jgriz it feel like christmas eve. excited for new thing but still a little nervous that the grinch might come tonight. romneyry ..rt gregabbott_tx my lawsuit against obama have been worth every penny. after today my lawsuit may go away. t ..rt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012 anndromney mittromney romney never mentioned about our america s credit rating down grade one point under obama  realdonaldtrump mittromney it only for rich people that have too much anyways rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012every vote count obama rt bradthor 46 newspaper switch their endorsement from obama to romney but the d s would have u believe they re winning that is ..voting in cali. short line beautiful day obama2012 rt marlon_jamison once you go black you don t go back obama did you election2012 rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt skynerone2 america will be first to go black and then go back romneyryan2012 electionday nobamart l_wheels democrats have the un and black panthers watching the polls. republicans have the navy seals. usa romneyryan2012rt djprosper be careful to not fuck it up for barackobama teamobamart tremelvin dear mittromney fuck you. sincerely the 47 . voteobama my voice will be heard i voted you should too election2012 electiontweets electiondayromney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama friends don t let friend vote democratic. romneyryan2012voted obama2012hoping for progressive victory stateside. obama2012rt xkiesha_ every vote counts so get out amp vote obama2012  2rip y all hate romney so much but fail to understand there a million mofo jus like him .. and y all work for them ameneveryone who s 18 or older should vote . every vote count . obama2012it took four year for u to get u back to where we wa four more year please obama2012rt scottoncapecod dailycaller gotta love the new york post.. lnyhbt romneyryan goprt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. momy lay for the day to work the polls. gay gaymer obama vote electionday express nov6 rt yesimkayla_ obama obama obama obama all down your mothafucking tl obam ..rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama if obama win i m going to actually get scared for my family. takingawayourmoney destroyedeconomy romneyryan2012i m living in turkey but support obama.. voteobama obama2012 teamobama ivotedrt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012if more polling place are like that one we a a country are fucked. vote votespa election2012rt bankrollmarkus romney v obama. the baby know. i think mittromney is not going to win because a lot of people think he s racist justsaying election day obama2012 kellytilghmangc yeah well tell jack i regret that he charge 6 for a bottle of water at the memorial. we all have our regret obama2012rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012getting ready to go vote then work obama.just got done voting obama wating on his moment again clutch timegot my vote in for my man barackobama election2012rt tamarbraxtonher get your life amp vote obama2012 rt slimetimelive_ i dislike people who ain t voting for obama forreal fuck y all and ya mammyreason 23643 why not to vote romney onlyshahrazad romney wear crocs election2012 mittromney voted you have my support praying for your success.voted for mittromney to be my next bos militaryvotert socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election20122terms obamart iilluminateyou i need all my followers to rt this dont post ballot pics of voting for obama they wont count..rt let it be known rt jessajae it s voting day romneyryan2012happy to stand in line to cast my ballot barackobama barackthevoteyuppers. i voted. romneyryan2012 rt itstycun __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama let s make .. collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012 corey_perssonrt tfernandes113 imsickof seeing mitt s face and hearing his lies. vote obama teamobama obama2012 4moreyears forward iranoutofh ..rt bluegrasspundit to my libertarian follower i understand the concept of a protest vote but today isn t the time. tlot tcotrt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama in nh the short line is letter n-r. i need to keep that in mind when i meet my future hubby. romneyryan2012 bush put u in debt. obama try to help. who doe america blame the black man. obama2012 cantbuildromeinoneday. hope fuckromneypolls show 50 support for obama and 47 support for romney. insanely close race. election2012 barackobama you can win obamawake me up when barackobama win uselection usvote forwardrt lmbigelow shondarhimes this is the second election i have been able to vote in. i am proud to say i voted for obama again. barackobama happy election day and may the best man win.. president obama good luck from canada.once you go black you don t go back obama2012voters don t instagram your ballot it s probably illegal election2012 rt jjauthor victory speech dgjackson gov working on tonight s speech on the plane a we fly to ohio. romneyryan2012 ..going to vote i feel old romneyryan2012my mandelamoney is on obama for the uselection teamobamayes. we. can. again. barackthevote proobama obama12forward obama2012 obamaalltheway obama4moreyears obamabiden2012 obamasamerica reperikpaulsen you should be commended for runny the only positive issue specific campaign i have ever seen election2012romney is white trash in my eye rascist no i just have a strong opinion obama .rt d24brandes i want to thank marklevinshow seanhannity limbaugh glennbeck michellemalkin sarahpalinusa amp more for their cour ..rt laurenpaigedeub don t forget to vote y all romneyryan2012 if mittromney win thewhitehouse. i am leaving thepauldaniels.mass expecting 75 turnout today. obama victorycorpsrt craftyme25 rt southerntalker if reince mittromney karlrove try to steal this voter outcome -we appeal. in america we jail thiev..working on a dream ovvero obama for president rt emilypf_917 i m too young to vote but if i could i d unanimously vote for mittromney. can t wait for his 2016 re-election d te .. america is a great country with a lot of opportunity for everyone. please don t ruin it. barackobama and mittromney make u proudi ve always loved you lemmy kilmister obama2012think if the tax dollar saving on booze alone when mitt is president romneyryan2012 evalongoria spent some quality fatherdaughtertime at the polling place. votolatino obama2012rt pialpha we can t tell you who to vote for. just vote. obama romneyrt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt juscall_me_jojo romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the ..america votes tight presidential race reach climax with election day in full swing romney obamart jdakar if you have any problem while voting do not leave the polling place. call 866-our-vote 687-8683 for legal advice. elect ... phillyd sourcefed ivoted did you make your voice heard pdslivevotes election2012 forward2012  barackobama we are getting people to the poll in fort lauderdale florida 50 so far thanks for all you done for haiti. mmfa now awaiting media matters coverage of msnbc s fairness re electoral coverage.. lol tcot gop hhrsrt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom .. nathansills no it a vote for merica romneyryan2012rt zztro if mittromney wins i call the side of the cotton field with the most shade ima commit suicide if romney win lolobama should get the vote if only for being homies with jay z uselection obama ohio election2012 voters expressing surprise in delaware county regarding new voting procedures.maybe you didnt know but rt mittromney this is it. make sure you vote today. find your polling location tcotrt chrismal0ney biden ohio visit clearly an attempt to bolster barackobama s weakened ev showing in cuyahoga co. down 7.18 from 08 rt kimberlyvibes conscious viber votes obama - ow michaelnebelski adamsreport divaup menahkc kennedyclemente randb randblitt ..i got 99 problem but mitt ain t one obama2012rt mitchpleease first vice president with the last name ryan romneyryan2012 get out and vote rt derekahunter it s not a coincidence that people who look to government to make their life better have the most miserable lives. v ..rt uknowhoitiz_nyc i voted did you obama bostonirishblog you never know obama might win utah..rt theofficialkaya hey mittromney don t forget to voteobama it s all about obamart chromeo funk the vote obamart verifiedwhitney obama 49 romney 49 it s a tie. voteobama obama2012pon de line ooh it s early haa obama2012  barackobama mitt romney amen rt babykemlock thank god tomorrow i won t have to see so many dang political commercial election2012 finallyrt naturalgasflk our candidate will move our nation forward into a bright energy future votenatgas election2012rt iangambier i don t trust america to do the right thing. so welcome mittromney.rt preciousliberty liberal david letterman says obama lied about romney position on detroit amp bankruptcy i .. teamcaligraphy be heard vote make a difference obama 4moreyears usa rt altheron3 they lie about him throw dirt on his name when all he did wa try to help.. obama 2012rt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012happy election day obama2012rt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012 paulryanvp fmg223 - best of luck mr. ryan. god bless you and your campaign rt biasedgirl if you are voting at lunch. let them know you won t be back until you ve voted. voteromney romneyryan2012rt ohthatsdonnie lol this ha to be te funniest obama pic i seen lol look him in his face obama2012 obama4yomama is there a way to total up the number of people who said they voted on social medium and compare it to the actual voter count election2012rt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012i d rather a mormon than a moron romney 2012how cool would it be if we got to vote on the greater of the two goods election2012 electiondayhappy election day if you don t vote you can t complain about the result election2012 literallyfedup my vote said standdown obama i relinquish the honorable title from you today along w my patriot2012 you are unworthy rt ilays_thepipe gasoline iphone line jordan line vote line sad but true go vote obama2012america ha supersized inequality. political gridlock wa bound to follow obama romney election2012 rtrt thedoctorsjawn i m not from america but if i had the chance to vote i would voteobama because of reason obama2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012how many of you fuckboys and fuckgirls have your bag packed and are ready to move to canada if your guy doesn t win election2012after reading quite a lot about votersuppression this week i am glad i now live in a state that make voting easy. election2012rt tombradysego breaking tony romo went to cast his ballot this morning and that got intercepted and return for a touchdown. electi ..my mom out to vote obamadear chicago when obama win pls don t celebrate with gun fire. this ain t texas.i voted mofos obama2012rt jamilsmith anti-abortion activist are trying to swing ohio for mittromney. good luck with that. irincarmon with more .. obama2012 breakfast rt courteneytaylor i m so tired of seeing obama2012 on my timeline. half of you ignorant fuck are just voting for him because he s b ..rt jacob_christian just in case you had any last minute political ideology change because of some sign election2012 romney ..voted at retirement home old man told me i look like someone he knew while in line. lol election2012 vote vote2012 rt cmcnallysmith on saturday we changed our clock now today we change our president romneyryan2012rt republicangop today we make a stand america- please standwithmitt because americadeservesbetter vote romneyryan2012 obama romney nick saban election2012i believe there will be a clear and decisive victory tonight. election2012good luck mr. barackobama chocolateedrop_ never mind ..u can leave it up there lol ..my mama dnt know wtf she be talking bout smh ..so put it back obamahow would a romney presidency look like according to avaaz latest update on live blog climatechangert stevenertelt dems shred gop voter registrations obama mural at polling venue romneyryan2012 prolifepoliticsi hope everyone voted.. obamajust to let everyone know i voted last friday.. sorry obama2012rt thedemocrats voteobama rt paulmccartney paul mccartney sends his support to barackobama thedemocrats election2012 .. bvsedgod mittromney lmfao oh really iowa advantage romney via breitbartnews tcotphoto teamcaligraphy be heard vote make a difference obama 4moreyears usa whole fam damilyy is going romneyrt prolifestuff dems shred gop voter registrations obama mural at polling venue romneyryan2012 jeanneanemaxon ..rt altheron3 they lie about him throw dirt on his name when all he did wa try to help.. obama 2012 singerboyjetz you dont see photos like this of romney.. obama2012 photoshop mittromney nervous a fuck now you should be. your another version of george bush i should call you romush obama2012 rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012line of the day i voted for the guy chavez amp castro wouldn t. tcot p2 ivotebecause toddkincannon kesgardner ag_conservative anndromney mittromney romneyryan2012 my wife son 18 voting 4 1st time and i will be hitting the polls. you got our 3 vote  48141_paid __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama rt gozamos just a friendly reminder go vote latism latinovote election2012 rt ronniejordan anybody who s ever gotten financial aid for college should be voting for obama2012now i have stayed up way too late and must sleep kick some as mr. president barackobama i know you will win just make him look real bad.s o to everyone who s exercising their right to vote obama2012rt betseyross democrats for romney clear eyes full hearts video tcot p2 ncpol lnyhbt msnbc cnnin line to vote obama obama2012i forgot condom were unbreakable.. oh wait. obama2012rt the_real_iman yes rt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. ht ..rt lindahusser if romney felt good about his chance he wouldn t still be having campaign rallys. dude it s over..go out amp vote today it your future teamobama obama2012 voteobama -  barackobama i am a nigerian in ukraine obama is the right choice not only for america but for the whole world. he is slow but steady it s hard to tell how hardball_chris chris matthews feel about something. he s so vague about his opinions. election2012 cc msnbcit s sad that southernillinois vote don t count. chicago make our decision. nobama need voted out. coalminers for romney ryan.rt lukemitchell__ if i were american i d vote obama. presidentialelectioni can t stress this enough go out n vote obamart haleycacord i d give anything to be able to vote almostthere romneyryan2012nobama romneyryan2012rt lboogie54 happy election day everybody do your part and get out there to vote if you haven t already. don t be a stereotypical nig ..lightsaber toy gift from coworker. election2012 how you gonna hate from outside the ballot you ain t even old enough to get in. election2012voter i want a commander in chief not a campaigner in chief . romneyryan2012rt 4sjohnson obama clearly failed our country in his first term let not give him another voteromney romneyryan2012 friendsofcoa ..rt josephkerry vote today. not for hope. not for change. and certainly not for revenge. but for our god family and country. tcot ..it s going to be a good day. ruletheworld election2012 instagood iphonesia sun picoftheday  realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan2012 vote2012 votefucks wrong witchu  hardball_chris teamromney gop ofa_oh josh mandel a lot of cleveland voters say they re voting for obama and me rt katyinindy romneyryan2012 stand in line today instead of standing in unemployment line next 4 year amp standing in obamacare li ..rt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012but im like wait hold up please get these vote up obamart wendywilliams happy election day rt if you voted election2012 votert akilproductions why i m voting obama 4another4.. obamacare osamabinladen gayrights4marriage4military gmc economicrecovery ..rt sciwrialicia rt ap seeing voting problem at your polling place send detail photo video to ap election2012ohio obama2012when obama does win this election it ll be such a joyous day in america. i can t wait. voteobama election2012my whole tl say obama2012 damn is anybody voting for the other guy loli voted before it wa cool. hipstertweet election2012 dhrxsol1234 you changed your clocks don t forget to change your president tcot p2 tlot obama did say to get in their faces. tcot lnyhbt gbtv nationalgetridofobamadaytime to fulfill the greatest american privilege and right. govote election2012real hipster will vote for romney. election2012people complaining about all these political post at least we have an opinion romneyryan2012he is weird lbs. rt hannahpaige6758 theres somethin about romney that seems weird. obama  tyreese_mccall eddie_tyes you all set for today obama .trust it is well whoop whoop let s get this tree huggin communist out of office romneyryan2012rt usernamenuse imsickof ndaa patriotact hr347 cispa sopa so i m going to writeinronpaul ronpaul great vid - gt ..rt fran_tarkenton voting is the foundational act that breathes life into the principle of the consent of the governed. -deforest soar ..rt clem_sux romney obama spurrier election2012rt paddypower my face tomorrow morning if romney wins.. election2012 rt tjurman in this election i voted for love of country. romneyryan2012 tcot ohio thearimartinez camdashit showing my ballot bruh election2012 yungchrisxx lmfaort danielharmon_1 going to be glued to foxnews tv all day gop romneyryan2012rt vee_youngsavage this why they kicked u off single lady realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney ..it doesn t matter who you vote for get out and vote it s the most sacred thing in this country vote2012 romney obamart literallyfedup today obama will get his standdown order from the american people.. united we stand ..yeah..it s a process. never know how much you can influence and motivate a guy with gun to use them for good.. obama2012rt chickiepotpie my parent european socialist just voted republican for the first time since becoming citizens. this is big peopl ..today is the day election2012 hell in new york media via beforeitsnews tcot lnyhbtamabo i will love in latin give obama if read in reverse.. it sound good no obama obama obama seriously people vote for obama im done election2012rt ronniejordan anybody who s ever gotten financial aid for college should be voting for obama2012last night i had a nightmare that romney won. to anyone in america please don t make that nightmare a reality. teamobamart gregenheims obama will take the lead until the republicans get off work election2012 seewhatididtherephilly gop poll inspector being ousted for dems tcot romneyryan2012rt punishme_ romney v obama. the baby know. rt joshabla video election2012 special a short doc i produced for pbsmediashift about how social medium informs voters. ..rt teamromney find your polling place romneyryan2012good morning. its election day. barackobama is counting on you. so don t forget to vote. collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012 brittnikayyjust voted obama2012rt zillastevenson rsmccain ha the ground report from ohio soon to be known a romneyland. mittromney tcot don t be a mittiot election2012 go vote i voted .. imsickof mittiot lie and spin.cast your vote on on who will win the presidential election. vote election romney obama obama or romney who do you like it is a privilege to vote .. vote for change barackobama 2012 rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama first amendment mike video black panthers return to philly polling place tcot rt annabethgish my heart and my vote is with barackobama today because of his character his leadership and his command. fourmoreye ..it s not official until you get the sticker..have you voted election2012 govote presedentialelection voting time obama2012 that awkward moment when romney win and people hope the mayans are right. election2012rt bbcnewsus the economy iran healthcare abortion - what would romney and obama do differently on key us election2012 issue ht ..today i will vote for barack obama election2012 obamart bailey_archer1 romneyryan2012 let go people rt joshuanass don t let the pundit and msm s analyst discourage you..the enthusiasm is coming from our side and we will be victorio ..rt vinnyof217 ill vote for whoever can get me more college funding help obama2012 election2012seeing all the menendez road sign he s campaigning a obama menendez. you d think he were vp lol bootbob 2012fox chris wallace say that unlike pro-obama oh poll pa poll on rcp are very mixed . no they re not election2012i m a georgia voter obama election2012 latinovote mexicanvote yeswecan when in doubt voteforpedro election2012rt beccayg i don t understand why american woman are voting for mittromney. don t they realise that they re voting for a sexist anti ..4 more year we ve come too far to turn back now obama everyone vote it s your future beyonce pens letter to president barackobama on election day we may be in arizona but i have to say a lot of these people in line look like obama supporter to u surprisingits time go vote now obama2012 americaforward voteobama i m the most impatient person ever but i stood my as in that line for 3 1 2 hour for obama obama playing basketball right now.. noworries obama2012rt jesus_m_christ . barackobama congrats on the win tomorrow. lol jk hahaha ur the antichrist. sophiajahnae wakaflockabsm download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012rt frankieboyle an exciting day for anyone interested in which of two very slightly different accent we hear war declared on iran el ..georgians you can vote until 7pm if you are online by 7 your vote will be counted election2012 votingrt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012keep calm and vote rom romneyryan2012rt andrewsmyk just a quick refresher on the electoral college - schoolhouse rock election2012yall already know my opinion..aint no need in talking..we will see what it is tonight.. obama2012our voice will be heard obama2012 my president is black my lambo is blue n ill be damned if my rim aint too..lets make it happen ppl obama 12 rt huffpostcollege rt lheron at least 460k people instagrammed their ballot so far. in some state that s illegal. ..rt dulehill before i go to bed let me say it more time. twittersphere let s get out the vote for barackobama obama2012 gotv i didn t want to waste my vote so i wrote in r_roddy_piper election2012 piperforeverall my ohio ppl y all vote is soo important make sure u get your ppl out there and vote im not gnna tell u who2 vote 4.. cough obamart uknowhoitiz_nyc i voted did you obamarush limbaugh streaming live limbaugh click-to-listen tcot talkradiort callmeauburn 1 tiny drop of water isn t much at all. but a million tiny drop will overflow the bucket. your vote doe count. be he ..for a better stronger america romneyryan2012vote obama if romney wins our whole world will get turned up side down realtalk vote obamart thehermancain unbelievable rt caintv obama mural inside pennsylvania polling place tcotrt shreya_singh16 hopefully i get elected election2012rt mean_marine election2012 vote like your stranded in benghazi and obama is your lifeline .i did my part you do yours obama i stand with mitt. if you believe in america join u today. romneyryan2012 pissn off people at work over shit idgaf about. haha we re screwed either way election2012 mssunshine2512 off to the poll obama2012 kiadosianowe out cheart dubfire barackobama and his policy may be flawed. as are all politicians. but republicans scare me. that s why tomorrow i ll vot ..rt yvettenbrown be forewarned. rt lheron posting a pic of your ballot on social medium in some state that s illegal. ..proud just voted to re-elect our president obama. voted so hard for barackobama that i almost broke the touchscreen. get out there amp vote...i would. election2012 rt vertlifedon this may be the last time u see a black man in the white house so vote vote vote vote obamait s a beautiful day to reelect the president obama2012rt albiemanzo just cast my write in vote for momma elsa. election2012 coffee rhom elsacohen2012 anndromney mittromney your republican party has done every crooked turn to ensure you a dishonest win do u fill good abt this rt ronniejordan anybody who s ever gotten financial aid for college should be voting for obama2012if obama win jaredleto shannonleto tomofromearth will you perform new song to the echelon - rt cheickmeout vote amp party or die dtnationevents cheickmeout forward obama2012  barackobama and joe biden all the wayrt globalpost . motherjones is mapping voter suppression and poll problem election2012church tonight i knw the pastor gonna pray til the heaven shake for obama victory.lets go mitt romneyryan2012 sportschatchuck obama2012. naturally.my fellow americans.. how is it that there wa a line only 2 people deep at my polling site gotv election2012 electiondayrt ayyo_nana a lot of people on my tl are going for obama rt jadebthename out voting w pretty_pee this morning obama2012 rt annielaurie76 presenting a christian voting checklist with biblical references circulating around today cco .. forward rt barackobama we re coming to the end of a long campaign all that s left to do is get out the vote. let s win this. -bort jordan_budd off-campus polling location near ucf is full of student knightsforobama obama2012 really wish i could vote in the american election obama forward hardball_chris loving u on msnbc right now..i m an barackobama lover amp i voted 3 wks ago after biden s vp preformance. ohio4obamart yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama  thehill mittromney cmunozthehill unions cry dirty trick they wrote the book on it and i have seen them do it first hand. barackobama saying yo america i got 99 problem but mitt aint one rt bluegrasspundit to my libertarian follower i understand the concept of a protest vote but today isn t the time. tlot tcotrt agentm thank jengrunwald for making this i voted sticker featuring captainamerica election2012rt janemarielynch planned parenthood- we re gonna get rid of that mitt romney. vote barackobama today. you don t own me psa - ht ..rt emkaybee12 just something to look at before you go vote on whether to reelect obama.. beforeandafterhisterm romneyryan2012 ht ..all this obama romney stuff is blowing me..like stfu you re not even old enough to vote no one care what you think about the election.so excited to vote for the first time obama2012 rt dollarboyz voteobamathiselection obama2012 to obama2016 awesome video done by dollarboyz worlds largest entertainment company ..say no to romney obama2012 voteobama movingforwardmitt romney s get out the vote effort republicans cheating and rigging the ballot voting machines..it s so so very obvious. obama2012it s never a good idea to rule a country with your religion romneywall street rally today..hmm obamamustgo vote romneyryan2012 landslidert joshuamferguson to my american follower please vote today on a personal note obama2012 hope movingforward election2012 barackobama the new president of u s a.congratulations in advance for your win.election day voted barackobama absentee in ohio week ago hence no polling place gram. fingers crossed the state go blue. obama2012on my way to go vote obama i dnt mind long line the poll that jus mean a lot of ppl is on obama s side - one for barackobama urbanpooch allrovertown sigmund freud voted urbanpooch barkthevote i voted for a real change this morning. because i believe my family deserves better. romneyryan2012rt real_gtweets i voted obama2012 fuckromney i m listening to rushlimbaugh on woai teaparty tcot libertytry let me watch my mom vote obama2012rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt leticeex0x if we gave bush 8 year to destroy america obama need 8 year to fix it obama2012 voteobama teamobama obama2012 obama obama everything perry may reign in texas senate political science fellow mark p. jones quoted in bloombergnews. election2012pleeaase let obama win. please please please obamart itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 .. denverchannel - what 2 cold 4 golf barackobama go ahead amp enjoy 1 last round on the taxpayer b4 you get the boot shankapotusmausget to the poll and vote for mrdanfogler he is the real change this country need election2012 followfoglerrt silvspringpatch how did we vote in 2008 an overwhelming majority of montgomery county voter chose obama-bide ..hahaha romney ryan 2012 nobama voting today romney romney2012 romneyryan2012 nobama nove  repost me amp nisha_trinette teamobama me amp my sister i love her obama2012 get your grr on and vote obama out new president new congress rt acrusoejr romney v obama. the baby know. no benghazi coverup storm recovery failure or philly voter fraud story on huh. rpof tcot teapartyrt mittromney wisconsin is a crucial state in this election amp your vote could make the difference. please get out and vote today. ..fuck the 47 . my vote s for you mittromneyvoted for the first time today romneyryan2012rt emilyoo the line wa out the door for the voting booth at the coop this morning. so happy to see people voting gotv election20 ..it s amazing that president barackobama is from chi-city. it s greatness in the water  voteobama obama2012 barackobama four more year pleasee voteobamathe undocumented have a voice2012 in our vote2012. election2012 latinovoices latinovote voto2012 vota2012 rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt lookatmenowsk45 im_qm rgilbert2434 bettec13 snellcolin levanduski1 make sure u dont vote out of turnn election2012 pokerpr ..first coke zero of the day. election2012s o to coach dru for that text tho go vote obama2012missouri s claire mccaskill trying to hold todd akin at bay via womens_enews election2012 woman rp from shoshonz .. first thing i did when i left the house this morning obamabiden election2012 g rt poeticjudgment this time tomorrow i ll either be ecstatic and secure or devastated and stressed. obama2012for anyone who hasn t seen it yet - i ve written a blog about all the us election2012 stuff please read amp rt it.rt kkaybigyo don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt _igotfans fuck being broke bitch i d rather ball dbc obama fuckromney rt lucyyhalearmy do we want to live in a world where there is no equality no. everyone is equal and it should stay that way. electi ..glad i voted early.. obamart yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama  repost y all are getting a little too excited stop it obama2012 rt chromeo funk the vote obamart slone romney voter mentality i will crawl over ground glass to vote for romney this is why mitt will win him. ..i watch on tv barackobama.rt beccayg i don t understand why american woman are voting for mittromney. don t they realise that they re voting for a sexist anti .. sportsbook_com during past 24 hr 75 of ha been on obama who is now 1 4 favorite. romney 3 1. seanpaulgriffinwhich candidate said yes to extended recess and snack machine in the cafeteria that s who i pick. election2012 movkthevotert hot1039sc voter check in did you vote yet tweet u and let u know how it was. still in line holla at u castyavote election2012if you are at least 18 use your privilege to vote. take the opportunity to decide the president of the united states election2012rt bankrollmarkus romney v obama. the baby know. today is a big day for the us everyone go out and vote and make our country better romneyryan2012 on that note i just voted and i m feeling very patriotic today prouddemocrat obama2012rt s4mfiction obama and romney are forgetting that the wand chooses the wizard election2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt opus_6 election judge wears obama hat in obama s home ward illegalelectioneering tcot p2 happy election dayrt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt anndromney . mittromney is ready to lead now it s up to you. bring your friend and family and go vote rom ..get out and fucking vote voteobama obama2012rt mittromney your vote in wisconsin is critical to securing a victory on nov. 6th. find your polling place rom ..today go and exercise your right and privilege to vote. election2012 barackobama scottbrownmaheading out to grab lunch and stop by another polling place to say hi 2 friend working there all day.. election2012 electiondayrt wisdomforwords haha if romney win all you dark as nigga gonna be outside. me and the other lightskins are gonna be inside with ..rt scienceofsin super obamaniacs vote in virginia. let s get er done vaforobama vote barackobama katyperry  kaciwebb barackobama i completely agree - good to see the college student amp other young people voting futurert dgjackson gov with his i voted sticker. romneyryan2012 rt tickedoffdem the only way mitt can win this election is if people stay home and do not vote get out and vote obama2012lots of talk about voting among my american fan today. this is the future can t they just brain-scan u for our preference election2012rt brooksholmes today s the day america ha it turning point romneyryan2012rt yahoofinance ross firms will face concern if obama win via cnbc election finance i m not saying i know about politics because i don t but i do know what obama belief in and stand forrt d24brandes i want to thank marklevinshow seanhannity limbaugh glennbeck michellemalkin sarahpalinusa amp more for their cour .. tcot must read white house insider we done good. win or lose we done good. patriot teaparty resist44 ccotrt capitalv to everyone complaining about long line to vote.. just pretend the new iphone is at the end of it. go vote election2012why more and more americans don t vote counterpunch tells the facts names the names classwar vote election2012rt stupidboomers my company just laid off 200 people this week-mostly due to obama-care medical device tax tcot theblaze wsj teapa ..rt roger92653 standing behind a woman in line yapping her head off on a cellphone. election2012 govote rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama this is cool news video photo and more in the yahoonews election control room election2012 told an obama supporter have a nice day he told me you have a crappy day election2012 in a nutshell. romneyryan2012 barackobama go obama i love you your the beast. in from uk so if i could vote in the u i would vote obamavoter intimidation and fraud is reprehensible. we can do better than this america. election2012 votehey jaredcheevers . america is the best in the world except for mittromney and his robot apocalypse.rt omgfacts why doe the us vote on tuesday farmers went to church on sunday travel by horse on monday then back wed. for market da ..rt chiefbrody1984 romney v obama. the baby know. democrats need to vote mittromney to give the middle class a chance to get rich .. that way you have more money to tax next time rt usahipster never forget pic obama and michelle at alinsky dinner in chicago. kick the communists out. vote romneyryan2012 ..rt preciousliberty ohio 16.4 or 1 in 6 of you live in poverty. have obama policy helped you columbus fra ..holy fuck - shut these fucking things down. obama2012 fbi. rightforlife mittromney no b but i know a lot of ny and chi registered dems who stated they were voting romneyryan2012rt surfdub hundreds of fraudulent voter registration identified in florida fl - gop-backed firm responsible dems election2012 oh lovely this voting machine in pennsylvania isn t accepting votes for obama - jezebel rt silverbulletzx3 ok folk let do this romneyryan2012 usahipster yes gt gt gt navy seals attack obama with billboards in texas romneyryan2012 don t mess with texas wishing all my us chum a happy obama voting obama voteare people still rocking the vote because i just rocked it election2012rt jordan_budd off-campus polling location near ucf is full of student knightsforobama obama2012  ivoted no line at hardy school in arlington ma for precinct 2 4 amp 6. arlingtonma election2012rt uknowhoitiz_nyc i voted did you obamart kissfreedom romney voter will stand in rain snow or hurricane to vote. tcot nothing would stop me from voting romneyryan2012 dgjackson go get em mitt romneyryan2012rt chiefboog canadians for barackobama go vote my american friend forward obama2102are the same people who decided ohio would decide election2012 the same people who chose to put the rock and roll hall of fame there feeling very patriotic almost my turn stopmovingbackwards romneyryan2012 realchange seen a obama caught and killed bin laden and he s vowed to find and kill pitbull next he should deffo get your vote..happy election day let s go to do this together voteobama obama2012 he really care about everyone. everton what doe timmy think of the us election did he vote hope so election obama evertonrt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt diamonddiploma happy election day may the handsome man with the five gorgeous son win romneyryan2012rt thedemocrats today we re-elect barackobama and finish what we ve started but you gotta vote. find your polling place at ..rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt altheron3 they lie about him throw dirt on his name when all he did wa try to help.. obama 2012ps you too can do the entirely unglamorous slog work of democracy amp phone bank for obama2012 from wherever you are god bless america and vote election2012 rt _bobby_boucher_ obama romney bobby boucher election2012rt cafcofficial on the two occasion that cafc have played on the same night a a us election the republicans have won mw electio ..how do i vote if i m not registered in the town i live in election2012rt shatkins schubert for president election2012 naturalbornliederrt tb_itsme love it obama2012 rt amedawg18 happy election day twitter my fellow americans please vote obama biden. vote for marriage equality. for women. for lov ..a vote for romney or obama is a wasted vote - don t vote for a reptile just so the other reptile won t get in. vote human or not at allspoiler alert nate silver will win the election with his statistician-wizard-magic. fivethirtyeight election2012c mon usa show me why i ur country and give obama 4 more years.rt braxton_casey i m so nervous about this election romneyryan2012 twitter is going to be fun today obama votert ezkool if christians put their religion before politics they would vote for truth instead of the romney lies. p2 tcot romney obamart obeedeebo fyi for all the voter it s illegal to post your ballot on fb twitter instagram. dontdoit election2012rt tamarbraxtonher get your life amp vote obama2012  election2012 obama all the way.i voted the first week of october. absenteeballot election2012 obama2012 obama like to play basketball and ha a portuguese water dog..just saying  chuckson_myfeet romney v obama. the baby know. lml rt biebscity_ once you go barack you never go back. obama2012 obamaallthewayp break ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -ras 4 year ago today.. 4moreyears election2012 rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..u kno u need to become one today teamobama obama obama2012 this is pretty cool. gop oh ohio pa nc fl ia co wi tcot teapartyrt suzost allegation of union putting illegal immigrant on voter roll cloud nevada voting - fox news rt traceellisross i love voting i love seeing my neighbor at the polling place obama2012 barackobama vote2012rt jengrunwald didn t get an i voted sticker here i made this for you election2012 captainamerica rt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012vote obama please vote obama please vote obama please vote obama please vote obama please vote obama please vote obama please united auto workers chief rip obama on manufacturing job loss chicago cnn tcot tlot sgp ocra npr cbs newmexico not sure wheretovote check out here go out and vote for freedom tcot romeny latino woman jobelection day reading our section on first dog bo obama election2012 obama2012 vote for him obama2012 i can t vote but to my follower who can please do. it affect all of u everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012 jackesweetheart thought of you rt huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012rt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012proud to say i voted..for coach cal writein election2012ppl needa really take this shit serious our future is in the white man hand vote obama lenadunham the best accessory for my outfit today forward obama2012 a communist muslim or a christian american romney ryanrt if your tv will be on foxnews all day. romneyryan2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt jenjetty make sure you vote today if you haven t already and then pray for our country we re certainly going to need it today ro ..rt talltrey5 i d never vote for someone who allows people to sit on their as and live off food stamp romneyryan2012sent in my ballot this morning election2012 votefriends don t let friend vote for obamastep up to the plate and vote election2012 obama romney fishseddywe ready y all ready vote today history is in the making term obama rt rbpundit okay. going to swing by chick-fil-a get lunch and then go vote for romneyryan2012 george allen and frank wolf. foram ..rt ofa_nv here are 5 thing you can do right now to help ensure barackobama ha 4 more years. voteobamart paul_salem my latest article in the national newspaper on the impact of obama re-election or romney presidency on mideast ..rt ahreez lol t winkwestwood rt yungb51 stop takin pic of ya ballet yo vote won t count. yall hurtin obama by doin dat http ..rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt usahipster never forget obama ge and soros outsourced usa jobs to china and brazil. these job will never come back. vote romney ..rt arvingerc if you are a romney supported please post a picture of your completed ballot show your support for romney rt spread t ..rt fastcompany fast company editor-in-chief rsafian on obama romney and the forgotten entrepreneurial class ..rt solyrical finna go get some as first bust this nut then imma go vote for you. barackobamart diamonddiploma happy election day may the handsome man with the five gorgeous son win romneyryan2012rt danabrams as much a the medium love to focus on worst case scenario i ll bet we know who is going to win election2012 by 9pm to ..rt f_f_n all that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing. edmund burke election2012 votert westjournalism navy seals expose obama tcotrt neneleakes we vote we win obama rt fratcollection election day pocket now available at romneyryan2012 please rt for chance to win thanks. ht .. obama2012 sock cause i m doing election day right. rt remroum my name is barack obama and i approve this bombing. afghanistan pakistan yemen election2012rt fwforamerica retweet to tell your friend you want to defeat sherrod brown today ohsen sherrodbrown tcotrt catherinecrier if you have a problem voting or have question about election2012 call 1-866-our-vote or email info 866ourvote.o .. nancyleegrahn i voted for roseanne barr..say whhatt i mean obama i did my part and voted for obama2012 ..now i am off to work rt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012i voted for the first time in my life proud to say i voted obama2012 go out and vote everyone rt horneycocaine_ yo as aint write this -__- rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to re ..rt saraholea i voted barackobama obama for the win election2012 barackobama yes you can brazil barackobama i love you you got my vote rt skittlesflow peoples__champ native americans for barackobama barackobama if he can find the time to make call today so can you time to go vote lets hope america doesnt get this one wrong today. romneyryan2012 voteromney electionday b amp v got 99 problem but a mitt aint 1 election2012 honestconservat remember dish ha theblazetv free for election2012 coverage tonight. now on to victory rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt allieshrum9 keeping obama prez one vote at a time teamobama obama2012rt uknowhoitiz_nyc i voted did you obama rebelmag glennbeck hum subliminal message or an oversight unacceptable blatant disregard for the law. election2012rt opus_6 rt trumpetman vote like you are stranded in benghazi and obama is your lifeline.. tcot sot military p2 tlotrt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012rt altheron3 they lie about him throw dirt on his name when all he did wa try to help.. obama 2012off to vote barack obama i choose you throw in pokeball vote obama2012rt huffingtonpost 11 apps to waste your time while you wait in line to vote election2012 the fact that my sister is retweeting obama bullshit .. disappoints meat least barackobama got some swag tho.. mitt already looks apologetic concede amp save some facert kenyaw remember a president barackobama said last night don t boo vote teamobama obama2012i voted. romneyryan2012 nobama  riwired tyjuanon lezlie61 barackobama klassenl yes the 3 musketeer joe chuck and todd are very goprt thematthewkeys 50 journalist and analyst to follow today and especially tonight - election2012rt verifiedwhitney romney cannot win he don t give a fuck about us. vote for someone who do which is obama voteobama obama2012i m just kidding you don t tell anyone who you voted for sofa king tarted election2012 electiondaykind of disappointed i voted early now. it s always fun to go vote day of the election obama election2012 quick post what is an ocean . . . ihtts cloudatlas vote election2012it worked barackobama is now following me. you have my vote. obama2012 rt redstate evangelicals are key to romney win in ohio rs tcotwho ha your vote election2012 if i go home and shave my mustache off can i come and vote again i saw them do it in gangs of new york. election2012rt collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012but please know i am prez barack obama-ed out hip hip hooray for that brotha election2012rt tae_on_his_flow retweet for obama2012i voted lets go obama barackobama 25 reason that 25 people are voting for president obama  collegetownlife everyone s like i love obama or i love romney amp i m over here like i love luke bryan election2012 brmcdon11rt jjauthor america once had johnny cash steve jobs and bob hope. now we have barack obama no cash no job and no hope. vote romneyjust vividly pictured romney voting for himself saying making my voice heard and smirking election2012 romneyryan2012 go vote rt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012excited to vote for my first time today romneyryan2012 proudamerican rt fuckromney__ fuck you sir mittromneybill nelson is an amazing senator experienced amp dedicated his life to the state of florida flsen nelson flpol nasa election2012 ifromneywins ..let s see how true ya favorite rapper 2chainz is bout starting that riot lls election2012rt amcmahon94 happy election day romney if it turn out america don t choose barackobama can we have him pls good god romney ryan and biden are all at cleveland hopkins airport right now. election2012 ohiogoing to vote. obama2012rt chiefbrody1984 romney v obama. the baby know. rt ryangop breitbart election judge wears obama hat in obama s home ward illegalelectioneering tcotrt lanes_ww retweet this if you want obama to win and i ll follow you but you must follow back unfollow 90sbabyfollowtraini m ready to hit the poll voteobama obama2012 electionday ivoted ivote vote skip the drama vote obama i have faith in obama2012 rt realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan2012 vote2012 vote lt what the hellrt sunnyone_nyc hey young folk paceuniversity bmcc_cuny nyulocal berkeleycollege don t forget to vote let s exercise our right ..political leaning aside we all love sandwich open 11am-7pm today kicking off the big-ass reubenesque special election2012rt laurahale_ so excited to be voting my first time for president for someone i believe in barackobama 4moreyears rt tombradysego breaking tony romo went to cast his ballot this morning and that got intercepted and return for a touchdown. electi ..got a really bad feeling romney is going to win. don t let this happen america voteobama voting tip if you re voting with your vagina please bring sanitary wipe to clean the touchscreen for the next voter. election2012rt united_ignited obama s 2nd term no military style weapon for civilians. his civilian army will be just a powerful and well funde ..rt globalpost . motherjones is mapping voter suppression and poll problem election2012rt thereyrodriguez i ll either cry tear of joy tonight or tear of true sadness. please god let a real leader occupy the white hous ..rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt chiefjbrady they are back tcot rncp jcoti wonder if realdonaldtrump and mittromney will spoon tonight. election2012rt preciousliberty youngstown oh ha worst poverty in u.s. gt 49.7 . have obama policy helped you ohio c ..rt ocamericans fox alert in pa republican volunteers thrown out of polling places rnc just took legal action teaparty tcot romne .. if you re walking down the right path and you re willing to keep walking eventually you ll make progress. obama2012rt bnichols9883 don t complain about who win the white house if you don t vote. vote election2012 obama romneyon my way to vote for the first time in my life proud to be an american election2012obama .. romney .. obama2012 m__alexandra romney republican deportthemexicans u know it. lmao tweetofthedayrt mariahcarey pon de line ooh it s early haa obama2012 rt tayover in austin travis cty you can vote at any polling place and cap metro bus are free today. go vote vote2012 obama2012preserving our nation one vote at a time. i ve done my part have you romneyryan2012on my way to vote obamachoose right americans.. don t fuck it up for the rest of u obamart fbenenati check out barackobama working the phone for gotv effort. join in thank you lord for waking me up in my right mind to make decision destine for change gt gt gt gt obamatoday i m eggin all the house i see with romney sign ..after obama win tacosovrfathoes calm your tit lol rt lexiebonjangels mittromney i hate you bitch i hope you don t win nort iistarvefathoes i hope mitt romney vote for obama today. election2012 obama2012 voteobama2012rt verifiedwhitney romney cannot win he don t give a fuck about us. vote for someone who do which is obama voteobama obama2012 albany city hall carillon bell tower play star spangled banner at noon. quite appropriate. election2012rt altheron3 they lie about him throw dirt on his name when all he did wa try to help.. obama 2012 obama win ..rt emartinc happy election day to the best ofa summer fellows evablack7 ykondos oliviaslack18 keep up the great work today in oh m ..happy voting day go out and vote guy obama2012 forward govotei live in nj work in ny and obama wa given a pass again by the leftist media thousands starving freezing in the dark homeless still  mittromney we are with mitt you have my vote in florida can t wait for today to be over with and america heading in the right direction romneyryan2012 rt if you voting for obama favorite if you voting for romney my black ass voting for obama all day i try not to be political in my twitter account but if you vote for romney then you hate big bird. obama2012rt ssddottv if you use a wheelchair call your local polling site before election day to make sure the facility is accessible. elect ..rt itstycun __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama let s make ..rt aubreyonly your unemployed ass though.. rt realstaceydash vote vote vote mittromney reppaulryan blacks4romney romneyryan2012 ..rt a_lise i voted for obama because unfortunately i can t just borrow money from my parent to afford college.obama raises national debt over 15 trillion romneyryan2012rt wowcodyharris i voted romneyryan2012 if i could find a mountain to shout it off of i would rt tweetwizzard today is electionday usa for all about the obama campaign follow obamawestand again follow obamawestand please rt ..rt ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -ras dollarboyz yea u kno our name like barackobama we hope for change.. this.. rt theofficialtate i hate the electoral college though. i feel like our vote would count more if it wa just a popular vote for presid ..four more year obama ha my votevice president biden is in cleveland ohio making a last min surprise campaign stop. obama election2012 ohiothey know rt ap election watch if you make car in detroit the odds are that you have today off election2012 -rascleaning going to vote then work. productive day obama2012rt imchillintho_ chiefbrody1984 romney v obama. the baby know. lmaoo  amspec uplifting report from pennsylvania dery murdock relay the mood. hint it s enthusiast.. tcot teapartyrt sandybelknapnh organized chaos at ledge st school. short line amp full booth at 11am nashuapatch nashuatelegraph election2 ..rt briedim all i see is romney all over my twitter and instagram loving it keep it up romneyryan2012 obama2012 barackobama make america stronger rt fattie_2 pjvspatjones how the fck obama loss 600 vote already from ig so he losing by 3 . so 3 of the us equal 600 ppl.. y ..rt koolmoe21 uninstalling .. obama .. 99.5 complete happy election day to all the americans please vote for obama obama2012 romneyryan2012 both flew into ohio..this is too close for comfort badassplanes lord please lend a hand on those voting today votedearlyrt mariahcarey pon de line ooh it s early haa obama2012 rt tjurman in this election i voted for love of country. romneyryan2012 tcot ohiort theofficialkaya hey mittromney don t forget to voteobama everyone please vote today itsgettincruical obama rt madgebomb if romney get in will everyone get their own planet not worth the risk. obama2012 manup forward joshgadrt thereyrodriguez if we re-elect obama it s like we re re-hiring a coach who s hip and cool but never wins. romneyryan2012 tcot goprt matted1 i meant to the left to the left of romney  obama nationi swear if i wa old enough to vote.. voteobama obama2012 barackobama lmfao yolo_yoda controlled by the dark side election day will be. rt bunnydahoney lmfao rt winkwestwood rt yungb51 stop takin pic of ya ballet yo vote won t count. yall hurtin obama by doin da ..rt timodc update election judge in pa ha ordered obama mural in polling place covered up. order here - gt tcot ocrart wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012america should be blessed to have obama a they president. he s a man of the people not a ceo of a corporation obama2012uplifting report from pennsylvania tcot teaparty tppplease read and take heed. obama2012 uplifting report from pennsylvania dery murdock relay the mood. hint it s enthusiastic for romney. tcot johnewadeii cliff80 mittromney i agree.if i have to choose between 2 devils i would choose the devil who i feel will do the least amount of damage.. election2012 obamart conniemackiv thanks for your support mt douggop pouring in ftmyers. but voted mittromney conniemackiv and treyradel. god bles ..just take a pic of the sticker cause we know yo black and white as voted for obamart caluladybugs ladies make sure you get out there and vote exercise you re rights. election2012 asavotes obama is in the lead until around 4 30 when all of the romney supporter get out of workrt huffingtonpost nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012 obama2012 voteobama election2012 - even though none of this will directly affect me or my country i still want obama to win rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama uplifting report from pennsylvania rightmind tcotrt r_phillips12 my president is black obama2012 queermenow djchichilarue go obama everyone vote barackobamart emileutteriyn it is a privilege to vote .. vote for change barackobama 2012 rt scienceofsin super obamaniacs vote in virginia. let s get er done vaforobama vote barackobama katyperry fired up for our romney look at him still working what a leader romneyryan2012 roaringamericaformitt loveofcountry rt propublica did you instagram your ballot today depending where you live that could be illegal via loisbeck ..people here standing in a long line in the rain waiting to vote. no one is complaining. just happy to be privileged to vote for romney.rt thenewsnut gop husted stealing the election i voted so should you. obama2012i dun put my vote in obama2012 obama2013 obamanation obama voteforobama2012just so everyone know mitt romney ha the same slogan a the kk. obama2012 stormintk download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012how about a shout out from mittromney it wa worth my hour wait to voteobama plays to win in politics and everything else conviction history newtag obama whitehouse barackobama we re coming to the end of a long campaign all that s left to do is get out the vote. let s win this. -bo bozcanwalla b rt truthteam2012 election day arrives in ohio barackobama the boss and jay-z on the front page of the morning journal ..let s go romney romneylandslide  jaymaj13 fork you i work and just voted obama2012rt quelsee to my american friend please consider that today dictate us history. vote for your woman vote for your daughter obam ..lmao rt krisbeckham hi barackobama how is the voting going guess you are on course any issue regard .. rt malapf any question about what you need to vote where your polling place is call 1-866-our vote ny nj pa election2012rt danthedaily . woodhouseb to daniellibit of romney - they are using a lot of resource that could be used to get out the vote h ..rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012ill take the business man who generated million over the president who wasted trillions. romneyryan2012 today america come roaring back with mittromney tcot dems p2 forwardrt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt usahipster pic never forget. obama marches for islam. oh wi fl va wv pa obama2012 obama s department of homeland security using fake accounts to spy on us citizens romneyryan2012 obama 46.24 white dude 46.84 .. wtf are uu doing get up and go vote stop posting pictures of ballots on ig. stupid mf -__-rt itsjanelle_x3 everyone who s 18 or older should vote . every vote count . obama2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012vote for this fella lovesporter barackobamart yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt fratcollection election day pocket now available at romneyryan2012 please rt for chance to win thanks. ht ..voted took all of 15 min..me likey hahaha election2012 romneyryan2012  this is cool news video photo and more in the yahoonews election control room election2012 rt catmackster vote4loveofcountry remember - your constitutional rights depend upon scotus. next president will nominate three justic ..hope north korea voted today election2012good luck to everyone casting their ballot today it warms my heart to see so many of my peer voting election2012 uhmericuhrt amygdudley i encourage you to stand in line a long a you have to - joebiden s message to voter across us today he did too ht ..go vote for the coolest dude ever.. obama mypresidentisblack when i vote today i am hoping for a new commander and chief. gotta get all my political view out now don t have any later romneyryan2012rt mikememoli surprise joebiden just touched down in cleveland jonlybonly05 i thought you passed me when i wa sitting in traffic which wasn t near a bad a i thought it would be. romneyryan2012rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012rt fastcompany 3 takeaway from election2012 that leader can apply when shaping their own professional brand b ..a teacher came up and whispered that she liked my pin to me so awesome - nobama romneyryan2012 i need to go vote.. but have 0 motivation to leave my bed. romneyryan2012vote for romney if you want to undermine woman s right woohoo regardless of how today unfolds if you threaten to move out of the us then just do it. we ll fix what s broken without you. election2012right now 23 out of 25 top social medium influencers in the nation on election2012 are women. socialnetworkanalysisglad i did early voting obama2012full jim tressel mode today. electionday romneyryan2012 rt wendywilliams happy election day rt if you voted election2012 votert uknowhoitiz_nyc i voted did you obamahe can fix everything he just need more time amp ur vote. vote obama2012rt shawnanbcnews the day before election day. 11 5 12 storify decision2012 obama thesomewhatfinishedproduct ivoted for obama firsttime soproud of myself november62012 2012 democrat red hawthorne moose lodge rt ap ap video voters in nj shore community cast ballot in a mobile station dubbed the vote-a-bago election2 ..i don t care if it mittromney or barrackobama .. my vote go for therockwaiting to be counted obama rt jessicka ladies this is our election. don t take your rights for granted don t vote to have old white men take control of our bod ..rt m_ignatieff here s who i d be voting for today if i could election2012 chaoschytist make sure you vote. you got all day obama2012rt xox_vogue mybrovaskeeper xox_vogue jimjimbo1985 mittromney ctfu romney dont even gaf bout dat dick ridin as nigga..tfoh st ..rt itsgabrielleu i have republican friends. we don t insult each other we respectfully disagree amp .. we vote i vote obama2012 ..rt yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama rt tremelvin dear mittromney fuck you. sincerely the 47 . voteobama voted proud usa romney ya ll stop with the rumors. joebiden did not vote for romney. did he oh wth stand up chuck. obama2012 hope all american tweeter are casting their vote forward agamos hell no dude in the street of texas the car and people are out election2012 mittromney campaigning on election day yikes even u don t believert lesliee__ i m voting for cady heron because she pushed regina george in front of the bus. sorryimnotsorry election2012 elec .. yogottikom don t forget to vote obama obama obama they asked why she voted for obama i like the man. no you re uneducated. you should not have voted romneyryan2012rt thatgirlkatlyn well it s election day. obama2012i voted. barackobama. girlshbo vote all adventurous woman do 1laurenrussell following the election all the way from argentina obamai just voted every vote count so go vote well only if your voting for obamart that1guyhuff if something happened to the elected president today who would you want to be the next president ryan or biden rom ..i fully expect to be overloaded with coffee and twitter today election2012 rt shescraftychi who got the power to make a difference who got the power to make a change we got the we got the .. adrock beast ..poll traffic at iowa state is starting to pick up. a lot of the student i interviewed are registering today. election2012 iart jonwexford vote vote vote vote vote this is our chance to push big government back. don t be lazy and waste the opportunity. ..upaya newsletter nov 6 voting with a dharma eye featuring roshi joan alan senauke more buddhism election2012via breitbart tcot romney we re naive if we think press is unbiased twister teapartyfeels great to be a georgia voter romneyryan2012when my dad tell me he voted for romney rt joshuanass retweet this if you are voting for mittromney today to get this country back on track faneuil hall getting ready to live broadcast the election results. election2012 romney2012 rkoi obama201 rt 866ourvote electionprotection s 1-866-our-vote ha received more than 35 00 call to-date. election2012upaya newsletter nov 6 voting with a dharma eye featuring roshi joan alan senauke more buddhism election2012rt united_ignited warning obama is the progressive communist s now or never president . they will do anything to keep him in power. .. election2012 atheist ethicist romney s speech faith in america apns int. rt __xtruesh_t retweet for obama . fav for romney .just voted for mittromney and paul ryan romneyryan2012 forloveofcountrywhomever you vote for let s break 100 view on election style today election2012rt racingfan70 what does a second obama term mean for gun owners - katie pavlich on tcotrt bankrollmarkus romney v obama. the baby know. rt text_sex_next we ain t got no worries obama2012rt sizzy bitch suck my dick amp fuck your vote goshawty123 omfg i love you mitt please follow me my king mittromney ..so when u vote please no pic your vote won t count obama2012 vote everyvotecounts dontbestup rt mariahcarey pon de line ooh it s early haa obama2012 just voted for romney like father like daughter romneyryan2012  govote for obama the world support peace. america be wise. romney is a business man with his business interest. truthny times blogger nate silver give obama 86 chance of a win this ny times infographic is pretty convincing too gt gt the very first place to cast their vote wa dicksburg nh. i am surprised obama didn t win there. tcot electionrt allenforrest i voted barackobama katyperry in my election day swag oprah gayleking hopefully obama win but if he doesn t all i can say is that i did my jobtoday is the day that america turn back into the greatest country in the world. romneyryan2012 election2012 red romneyryan2012 letsgo it s time for a change sueperkins jimmy savile is alive there s a picture of him in the us on the bbc news site arrest him election2012 rt captivatingnews rt tickedoffdem the only way mitt can win this election is if people stay home and do not vote get out and vo ..vote like your life depends on it..because it does. affordablehealthcare voteobama obama2012 noelclarke if i wa american barackobama. taking all into consideration 4yrs isn t sufficient time to correct republican mistakes.rt huffingtonpost final poll give obama the 11th hour lead election2012 ditzysororitytweet - if mitt romney win i m tote getting an aborsh. election2012stfu mittromney we know we can bring this country back but we need your help. find out where to vote today  election2012 atheist ethicist romney s speech faith in america apns int.  ron_christie mittromney paulryanvp u did say joebiden on air force2. aint a thing desperate about that tcot lnyhbtmmkay i need to get my as out of bed now and get ready to go vote obama2012rt destinydeonn yall ugly mf s taking pictures of ballots dont do that cause obama loosing lil dummies yall illterate asses big day election2012 not just about the pres also huge congressional outcome and major ballot initiative in many states. votert ucfknightlynews lunchtime voting at avalon church in avalon park orange county election2012 ucfknightlynews my block don t play lol everybody go vote vote obama  donovonnemeth hope obama wins. drt l_wheels democrats have the un and black panthers watching the polls. republicans have the navy seals. usa romneyryan2012how can this be allowed what a joke imagine if this wa a romney mural at a polling place tcot rt b_wellington if you haven t seen america in 4 minutes..here it is share it freely americain4 election201 ..i need to sleep but i m way too nervous excited. election2012the exit poll will favor obama. conservatives hate exit pollsters. tcot melissatweets dinafraioli election2012 whether 4 obama or romney you have to choose vote for either the sp or xz u can t lose nate silver it s not a coin toss..the race ha broken toward..obama election2012 voteobamart wendywilliams happy election day rt if you voted election2012 vote obama bitch . barackobama joebiden ofa_oh election2012 obama2012 ohio i voted obama 2012 yup that s who got my vote election2012even voting with a hangover i can still make the best decision for our country. romney ryan2012i voted govote romneyryan2012rt tjurman in this election i voted for love of country. romneyryan2012 tcot ohiort jjauthor vote romney - the conservative concept is simple help the truly poor amp needy create the opportunity for the rest to .. barackobama god bless you.we are praying for your victory.rt altheron3 they lie about him throw dirt on his name when all he did wa try to help.. obama 2012obama better win i ain t looking forward to seeing baby cry in my class if romney get rid of contraception obama2012 obama yes we can - yes we can - yes we can - yes we canrt christians4mitt if obama is re-elected his debt would require a 4 00 tax hike on the middle class. romneyryan2012 tcot voteromneybs cbs news kroft denies media cover up of benghazi tcot slambreaking reports of voter suppression at cincinnati mother of christ church ovlreport election2012 votersuppressionrt tenzeh obama ftw obama mittromneycansuckabagofdicksdamn all u kid do is tweet btw romney yousuck hatchtagrt realmalikgarner obama2012 letsmoveforward not backwords romney2012 the gop s party platform supports a rapists baby even before pregnancy election romneyryan2012 hannityrt michelersimon watching democracynow on voter suppression. just awful. election2012 skate_street55 obama2012 nigga mittromney amp barackobama i m very proud to say i didn t vote for either of you. ivotedgaryjohnson votethirdpartyrt rochelle_deanna so anxious for today s election butterflies i m voting for equality mine and my daughter right and our precio ..on instagram all you see is obama ballots hopefully he doesn t loose.. yall need to fake romney ballots amp amp instagram them real shitrt shawnanbcnews the day before election day. 11 5 12 storify decision2012 obama thesomewhatfinishedproductrt hellotrillkitty this is a little funny bankrollmarkus romney v obama. the baby know.  lyftthevote election2012 vote everyone  romney2012 is a thief. obama2012voting election2012 barack out with your cock out.. voting for equality obamart tjurman in this election i voted for love of country. romneyryan2012 tcot ohiort 90sfreshprince vegahbk -- gt lt -- powerful obama2012 foward lmd. check me out bro salutert brookebaileyinc and then this happened bryonjavar realgangstasvote obama nov62012 vote it count rt chiefbrody1984 romney v obama. the baby know. this line is full of bad packer jacket and old lady smelling of vodka election2012rt mariahcarey pon de line ooh it s early haa obama2012  election2012 losangeles need a ride to the poll yellow cab keyword la vote. pls share bigjoehurt thx rt steveweinstein 538 model end predicting pres obama winning popular vote by 2.5 with 313 electoral vote to 225 for mitt. obama20 ..rt therealdechawn no doubt no worry obama got thisvoted. mittromney suck itvoted in my first presidential election obama power myvotecountsflorida better get it together and go for obamart acrusoejr romney v obama. the baby know. rt mariomald89 dl_corriere teamvirtus all the 4 american player voted for barackobama electionday usa bologna basket obama2 ..happy election day vote right romney  pattonoswalt we did i even got my wife to vote for the first time obama2012 a should be three thing sassy classy and republican. romneyryan2012 ayee_anne __briaddiction romney ballot posted retweet so he can lose points obama teamobama  mmckinnon i hope we have a clear outcome. shorensteinctr election2012 huffpostpol voters without id wrongly being turned away in pennsylvania election2012 cnnvotewatchrt ap election watch vp joe biden make unannounced stop in cleveland en route to chicago election2012 -rasmake a everest commercial for obama..get up and vote..your just sitting there not doing anything with to life..get up and go vote bitch rt altheron3 they lie about him throw dirt on his name when all he did wa try to help.. obama 2012rt miss_facetious if obama wasn t running i still wouldn t vote for romney rt gregabbott_tx my lawsuit against obama have been worth every penny. after today my lawsuit may go away. t ..rt _tjbell this. obama2012 i voted romneyryan2012rt billybangg praying to god barackobama win this election. without his win i swear we are doomed getting lunch now. more than one employee told u unsolicited that they re voting for romneyryan2012 loveofcountryrt eatpoopallday everybody vote vote vote please take advantage of democracy election2012rt thedailybeast are you having trouble voting thedailybeast is tracking problem at the poll election2012walking across the street to vote.. perk of living next to a school.. romneyryan2012 nobamawell get out and vote so barackobama can win voteobama mittromney fuck uyes i am a woman. yes i am a college student. no i am not voting for obama. i hate stereotypes. romneyryan2012 haha this is a weird trend - voteobama - i will not tcot electionvoting line in north londonderry 11 50 am. election2012 lebanoncounty i m excited to vote w out doing the absentee ballot thing for the 1st time in 4 years. taking the kid and showing them how it s done obamart conservative_vw once a soldier gt always a soldier always a marine always a airman always a ships-man always a guard ..rt verifiedwhitney stop posting pictures of your ballots obama has dropped 3 because of that. retweet this and spread the word ..rt mekdelamaskal paisleyparkuh i m not one to blindly follow an opinion without being open to opposing info amp still mittromney .. epolitics barackobama i got 99 problem and twitter ain t one of em pgreenbergerplz do not post pic of your ballot or illegal and will not count be smart . and have a good day obamajust voted. romneyryan2012if you care about balanced energy policy and colorado land water community make sure 2 go vote obama copolitics copolsy all say no to rachet pussy mittromney can t be smart you guy repost election2012 rt michelleobama the first lady voted for barackobama for the same reason she married him his character. ..i think obama will take an early lead today but then all the republican will get out of work to vote mittrt altheron3 they lie about him throw dirt on his name when all he did wa try to help.. obama 2012rt erickbrockway rsmccain republicans be of good cheer. do not be discouraged by anything you read or see today. if we go all-out ..rt ihoenation romney is losing in massachusetts which is the state he governed if his own people don t want him why should the whole ..rt mean_marine election2012 vote like your stranded in benghazi and obama is your lifeline .reasons not to vote for barackobama fisa ndaa drones killist trapwire stellarwind keystonexl guantanamo manning assange barackobama im so confident you will be the winner.my waheguru is always with you.boss you are grt.bouta go to mack twn to vote obamai voted obama _ y all care poll by ip address look how the internet is voting. barackobama mittromney white housert vanu_papa lets win this ting obama my broter rt iilluminateyou i can t stress this enough go out n vote obamart queen_always81 my president is black ..rt l1ldebbie i voted early now it s ur turn vote 2day 4 barackobama to keep this man in the white house we need him hopig that barackobama win the election heard so much shit about romneyunderneath it all.. election2012 i hope everyone who s able to vote is exercising their right today govote election2012 election2012 i don t want to you who to vote for. that would be a mittstake.rt tombradysego happy election day remember to make your vote count obamabiden2012 romneyryan2012 bradygronkowski2012rt socialmia it took until august 26 1920 in the united states before woman could vote. ladies get out there. election2012i m ready to see who becomes president president 2012 november romneymy vote is in election2012 romneyryan ashlesantos itsgabrielleu download the mixtape united snakes of america and vote obama2012 romney rt bigkev_ix_ii rt snoop_g_605 failed fukkoffmytl w dis dumb shit rt bigkev_ix_ii voteforromney he will lead the wayrt laffytaffy434 happy election day. voteobama forward obama2012at polling center go barackobama rt freedomworks starting at 6pm est we ll be covering key race from across the country. join u at tcot tlot ..rt ere1968 i ve been saying it for month mittromney must win by larger than the margin of cheat madisonmflint voted barackobama obama2012 rt dgjackson gov working on tonight s speech on the plane a we fly to ohio. romneyryan2012 rt edshow huffpostpol watch voting machine allegedly register obama vote a romney vote election2012 hmm.. obama all day er day er daay fuck wit anybody say real nigguhs was up cvelection rt barackobama if he can find the time to make call today so can you i voted at 6 30 am.. get that shit out of the way election2012rt jessicka do your research it s clear that mitt romney is homophobic don t let any lgbt vote go to mitt because he appeal to rac .. romneyryan2012 cause merica rt rock1chef biden plane mittromney plane paul ryan plane all jettison cityofcleveland hopkins airport right now 2012electionvoting is the sacrament of our democracy. obama2012 votein my mind barackobama will always be president favouritepersonever voteobama electiondayrt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 dragon_fli please don t let romney win nerve is up there obama  joebiden voted in the morning i took my 5 year old who wanted to know why he couldn t vote.rt _steezemeupp white people can t even look me in my face today.. no hard feelings. may the best man win obama2012some is ready to vote for romney rt utahdatapoints new poll barackobama ha 25 approval among utah voters. don t expect him to win many vote here. ..rt joshuanass checkout my op-ed in the jerusalem_post explaining why every young person ought to vote for mittromney tomorrow ..if a pregnant woman in labor can make time to go vote than im sure yall can drag your ass out and do the same. so vote. i did obama2012rt globalpost . motherjones is mapping voter suppression and poll problem election2012rt lightskintatt3d teamwork make the dream work.. vote teamobama obama4prez obama2012 rt wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 sean_considine would it be weird to say i m proud obama2012 barackobama i got your back 317 wauwatosa wisconsini m crossing everything hoping that obama get a second term. voteobama obama2012rt joshuanass retweet this if you are voting for mittromney today to get this country back on track rt michelleobama happy election day today we re-elect barackobama a our president. be a part of it vote. moalthough i m not voting im still team obama a rt jengrunwald didn t get an i voted sticker here i made this for you election2012 captainamerica  barackobama good luck mr. president for today. i believe you will be re-elected..i pray for another 4 year of yours leadershipchinese watch u.s. election tcot breitbart wakaflockabsm we gave bush 8 year to destroy america let give obama 8 year to rebuild it obama2012 rt d24brandes i want to thank marklevinshow seanhannity limbaugh glennbeck michellemalkin sarahpalinusa amp more for their cour ..good luck to mittromney paulryanvp romanchuk2012 joshmandelohio and evry othr candidate who support the constitution romneyryan2012 election2012 threats of legal challenge in at least two states.. meaning that there might not be a winner by morning. barackobama i cannot vote but if i could this would be my vote.. cap wants you vote election2012 captainamerica usa instavote i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas btsbbmas safagthrt armynation_tm i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist if it s for you i m the type to sacrifice my body i ll always shin i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas btsbbmas safagthswiissh music presents p dubb officialpdubb gt gya_me_nko reality ha always been electrified with starseeds whose soul are transformed into aspiration.swiissh music presents p dubb officialpdubb gt gya_me_nko wind 5.1 mph nnw. barometer 1018.2 hpa rising slowly. temperature 11.5 c. rain today 0.0 mm. humidity 78 rt girlposts selena gomez and the weeknd look stunning metgala rt unrevealedtips remove negative people from your life. the people you spend time with influence your attitude thought and success mor rt ayumi_yoshi1 someone who don t know pain will not know how true peace is like pain swiissh music presents p dubb officialpdubb gt gya_me_nko rt bmh_malik i m either real clingy or real distant there s no in between rt kyraawyraa kim is sitting next to rih rt seidy7x globalbts dashi run run run i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award kenolabar tripopt55 sounds about right. tho the more i think back to it the more i find myself fixating on the t shes my gf during your stay at tennerhof tirol enjoy a mountain that offer more than 1 00 km of hiking track in the summe made this fabulous lularoe latte mug for a friend and after getting my first pair of i scream you scream we all scream for ice cream we ve rounded up surrey s best scoop for the summer rt karlanboi i cant chase nothing but sum money right now truthfully rt ohteenquotes yes i m thinking about you right now.rt elleuk now this is how you work a metgala theme lily collins eight btsbbmasretweet if you want to gain just follow everyone who retweets and follow back whoever follows you rt marcsnetiker the original movie vs. the straight-to-vhs sequel  dopekath my accountant told me that the only reason why my business is looking up is that it s flat on it s back.rt chimasimone forget the red carpet. the metgala bathroom is lit.  maintenant radiomazic whitney houston - run to you rt emilymcmanuss a limo wa too predictable so of course my girlfriend got u a maserati for prom rt beyondscaredd blind girl play w her cat is still the most fucked up funny thing i ve seen in ages. young artist tip master post - mayakern hi y all i get a lot of similar very broad question about.. rt jinjjarevil i wonder what taehyung do to receive that beating. yall the mv would scar  bbmas i am voting for justin bieber for top social artist at the bbmas justinbbmasrt btsarmy_intl i vote for bts_twt btsbbmas top social artist award rt if you stan talentrt kylieannerogers i voted for bts for bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas also they should perform live on may 21st please bbmas 211459tx el paso 8440-01-495-3445 socks men s 700 package 4.69 2014-02-18 policestatemy ex linked up w the same bitch she talked shit about with me when i stopped fwh. da sad.rt tresmoongoddess vet your spiritualist and listen to your intuition. the moment you feel something is off stop fucking with them  nickjonas priyankachopra i dont know why am i so jealous when the money come i don t want the fake saying you remember me danny i went to school with you nope i don t know yourt myoongi_0309 i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas it s cute how we do shifting. when other army wake up rt utprobs rip harrisonbrown. our prayer are with your friend and family. longhornstrong mixi-fact 2nd most popular track gangnam style - tell us why we re at war president trump johnny cash - i walk the line - i love jay man so how can i hold so much inside..rt victoriassecret . beeprinsloo bringing hollywood glam to nyc for the metgala. armys fighting lmao btsbbmas rt _ieekjack_ when she s wetter than you expected but mama aint raise no bitch i wish i could leave in my silk robe and look like this.. report generated tue may 02 2017 07 30 01 kim seokjin i am voting for bts_twt in the bbmas for top social artist btsbbmasdating website for bbw and bbw bodies. sex tonight with hot amp 8230 hotbabes dating i got my charmvoxbox thankss influenstervox for all the free sample i just love it  japan once had 500 castles for more onlinebookingsystem countryofthemonth rt blxcknicotine not all people gonna like you and that s okay sebas want to be me so badrt eatj1n i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award. rt this tweet cuz retweets count a vote too rt eduardo_lacs what senseless waste. why kill such a gentle creature for sport rt if u want global ban on all trophy hunting weon tengo hambre i vote for bts_twt for bbmas top social artist btsbbmas bbmasrt xsmed_ stop forcing trying to control stuff.. let it go and give it to god bc he is always there to help through the toughest time rt thedailybeast jimmy kimmel delivers tear-filled plea for obamacare after infant son nearly dy rt commonwhitegrls why doe the universe keep sending me cute ppl who are out of my league to fall in love w this unrequited love thi rt artebooking please check art contemporaryart painting from artist kaouther bahri kawtherbahri plenty problemz prod. trellgotwings but ieyasu tokugawa conducted blade regulation and gun control for 300 years.a gun craftsman ha become a firework craftsman.rt btsarmy_intl i vote for bts_twt btsbbmas top social artist award rt if you stan talentcommunities re gran community seventy twit i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasthe 1 i have learned in college is how to write a 10 page paper the night before it s due rt amandap12484977 cem i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt atheasshole_ you gotta be this extra with your shorty  vkopanesvarmy wrong hashtag it s not gonna count we can t waste vote hashtag official btsbbmas or btsbbma onl  kobeoliver10 solidrt basedmonitored meet harrison brown. he wa slain on the campus of the university of texas. let s put a face voice to the name. rip htt rt ghadaalifahmi sherifa_ali thank you very much for a very enjoyable and engaging appleedu workshop. learning verb mind mapping 1335 bainbridge st three shawnbbmasyo im baked what are your most sauce top 10 favorite classic.. rt cypherjuliet april skin tony moly laniege it will be my gift for my bestfriend i wasn t able to give her a moving up gift rt ram_guha another bjp state with gau gundas on the rampage indian mob beat two muslims to death over suspected cow theft rt tantanoo if someone reject you in an arranged marriage interview sing woh toh hai albela and leave. abbysomeday i look good herert protecttheplain very worried about family in narrabri csg auspol nswpol her eye talk the whole story.. i love you little girl i love you little syria.. rt nefertizzy don t use a black man s pic for this foolishness rt melxxsmithxx rt powerdirectuk competition giveaway for a chance to win a zanussi upright vacuum. rt amp follow powerdirectuk rt heelsfetishism heel from heelsfetishism rt cypherjuliet april skin tony moly laniege it will be my gift for my bestfriend i wasn t able to give her a moving up gift rt brokenatlovefc ready for vivienne s evolution.. catch up or like on fb  5402 bestseller book followme article master series 1500 no restriction plr articles pack joel dexter and rory douglas-speed fan please follow roryspeed roryspeedfan thanks. hollyoaks rt belfairsacademy come and join u we have a vacancy for a cover supervisor. find out more here.. edujobs sout i scream you scream we all scream for ice cream we ve rounded up surrey s best scoop for the summer rt lovemykookie i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt blackpplvines this man is back at it again i live for bxtchz and blunts we live for weed and moneyrt maaddeh twelve justinbieber justinbbmas darriqueenn i m tryna get in w the towson club awesomeness is to watch these 3 vjs having so much make me stress-free and go for a holiday like this. thealife galaxya2017 i really love my emebenches clear after temper flare during rangers-astros game no extra pressure to finally defeat real madrid simeone - daily post newspaper - happy girl i got my charmvoxbox thankss influenstervox for all the free sample i just love it rt armyvn_twt i voted for rapmonster bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasi vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt bristeves ay yo.. i m really crazy. wow.teacher gets suspended for posting hot selfies then the students started a revolt rt wale one time for my guy btsbbmas. let my boy shinert koreaboo happy birthday bambam bambam1a happybambamday rt seogutae btsbbmas 2o m seriously guy army slay i vote for bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmasrt gordonramsay i m not a parrot  katyperry s metgala look had twitter talking just posted a photo rt newera_thunda yo all joke aside this gold dragon blazer is the dopest most fire thing i ve seen in my life ha metgala jb black i am voting bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas  stonecold40oz our daughter would be so proud of you rt hotnsweetlinn funny coffee mug - dilf 11 oz gt gt  water we lost may find in the maruthankerney thalaiyadi sea lka srilanka tamilrt rainbowrobbins happy birthday to this little ray of sunshine i cant believe josie is a year old already look at how cute they are take on the fobt challenge play 4 machines simultaneously for bigger jackpots rt follow fav retweet to win nothing rt abarty_intheusa future employer how many time do i have to say it we re not making tshirts for the office holiday party what even is rt jinjjarevil i wonder what taehyung do to receive that beating. yall the mv would scar rt dominic_rucker jcat_jax i see a good guy wearing all white in your avi rt truiytae u can t get lit to stigma me locals chant slogans againt pakistan in poonch j amp k after paying tribute t pls rt pbella hadid flash underboob at rapper s birthday party daily mail .. - daily mail bellabella that s crazy i just tweeted something similar rt breaking911 spicer the wall will be built new hot post ha been published on - cum bigtits gf celebrity bodypaint hottestpics enter now rt rellzt i play with pussy not emotions.rt tjkturner andrewjacksonwouldhave won the popular voteanother minister kick a can down the road again indians criticize kajol for eating beef in a video the official outfitter for facility management. give yourself the efficiency booster for all building systems. rt kimahiee you don t know bogoshipdaa i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas topbsocial artist awardrt mashfreak if this is the north korean army america want to go up against we re getting swept first round  screamindemonlp diondoes twitch i missed it while i wa at work too. watching it all now. it pay to be a subscriber man birdcrystalrt namjoonssmile_ jeff__benjamin you never walk alone i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas for top social artistrt rjeanfloresv i do not think that i can ever survive another day without you again. mayward growinginlovert realdonaldtrump the democrats want to shut government if we don t bail out puerto rico and give billion to their insurance company rt health_anbeauty health beauty buy now 38 oribe split end seal beautiful color treatment 1.7.. rt bankai_group bankaigroup is gearing up for itw2017. want to schedule a meeting with u email event bankaigroup.com to secure man who devoted life to shark killed by shark off the coast of reunion amp 039 anger and emotion amp 039 scuba s.. so so so so touching so much love to his family  tomwookieford how do you manage at weekend during your show a starina at the birdcage someonedothprotesttoomuchwar horse - uk premiere - inside arrivals london england -.. truth or dare a group of college friend celebrate the end of term with a party to end all words..words have the power to raise you up or knock you down gt how ha political fact-checking changed after trump s first 100 day not much. so japan in september but i want a relaxing trip tambien. is a cruise relaxing  pettyllama u mean a curl to me. just onert ajenglish is us undermining it alliance with turkey rt jeff__benjamin i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas tokyoangeis knowing me i ll blink or they ll mix my photo with someone elrt joycekayanlau my april favourite is now up bbloggers ukbloggers1 bblogrt fblchat i m invisible rt socutebabies baby girl got swag israel blasts hamas new charter group still dedicated to war with israel - haaretz - rt howie_dodat pull up may 5th im performing spring valley high school.. rt ne_yud i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt howie_dodat pull up may 5th im performing spring valley high school.. rt howie_dodat pull up may 5th im performing spring valley high school.. rt howie_dodat pull up may 5th im performing spring valley high school.. rt howie_dodat pull up may 5th im performing spring valley high school.. rt vanhy234 i am voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award 2017 bbmasrt howie_dodat pull up may 5th im performing spring valley high school.. rt howie_dodat pull up may 5th im performing spring valley high school..  york chubby unscripted nsfw italian catania internet titty gt the queen of all queens now playing sedona humbletrees - stay high  dgary_3 andreaper3z lol i didn t see what she said but i guess everybody know about the pimp first thing i do in the morning look at the clock and hope i have more time to sleep.  witsieonthisnet the people v the rainbow nation documentary. it s on youtubeyou text me i respond 15 second later and apparently you die of excitement cause 2 hour later i m still waiting for a responsert pocketsenpai this made me sad rt wale one time for my guy btsbbmas. let my boy shinert mylittlev i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt bts_army i vote bts bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award. armys today we fight chanux bro explores the remarkable feature of the huaweip10. check out the full review .. rt rave917fm themorningraveshow with damilolaunusual thenewsoundofmorning tipsandetiquettes with olukunleesan don t stare at you rt batalla_epica league of legends overwatch rs.50 cashback on recharge of rs.500 on truebalance app deals offers saving india cristiano ronaldo signed real madrid jersey. order via 62817700110 bb 7d84142b designating senior advocate matter she submits that she only want guideline to be framed by full courtrt 1870anadi baquialr1 alissagabriel02 sureness grinning mode mayward growinginlovemark my word one day i will go to the met gala rt cyanidehumor damn this can t be true rt sportscenter kyrie backboard king james sctop10 just know i wa numb rt noswaggt you mean to tell me neither one of these people are justin beiber rt ffanggfang fighting armys let s vote bts_twt for btsbbmas make others know the power of urt auberonwaugh_pe 2 5 76 1 lord chalfont tell a story about his day a a junior minister in the foreign office. he attended a very fuckkrt alibabeexo the hunchback of notre dame is so underrated arcaadia u got me there rt mongryongtwt photo of baekhyun looking at my butt secretively i am voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awards because i love bts.rt minults how many army other ppl think there are v how many army there actually are rt xmargaretnguyen yeah i guess in the end you see who your real friend arert taehyungpiics i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas taehyung s nose molert mohamadhashem2 ghlibaf on tv iran nuclear accord wa the decision of whole system not just govt. any other govt. would have gone t a pre-conceived idea of what it all m ant for those who like the same seq had the characteristicthat forever bother me alfred leete 1882-1933 kitchener poster. 1914. leete s drawing of kitchener wa the most famous image used in.. rt todd4ui retweet this follow everyone who retweets this follow back whoever follows you gainwithtodd4ui anotherfollowtrick the rrs discovery ha a lot going on just now - here it is from 3yrs ago in all it glory discoverydundee destroyer - teganzayne and spencerwhitman falconstudiospr rt blacksmith1 retweeted big money mike bigmoneymike6 i have a special surprise for mm ascm regarding pups .. i saw u on.. arab honey takin da pole from behind for dat quick cash rt golden_jkookie i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award ninety-fourus lmfaoo josiehunnyy we got the same color too san diego mass shooting i say fake rt pomegranatethug let s test this theory. asvpxrocky sup rt trackinblackkev y all talk shit on her sister for getting surgery. y all will always find a way to shame someone the todd snyder x pf flyers rambler low debuts in tan - it doesn t have to be like this rt yungjonny_ bro it s so hot i m weedless so that mean i ain t sleeping any time soonrt lapetitesachi matching icon for you and your crush i m depressed i miss my friend gnrt hailryan66 woolmark your ad appear on racist sexist homophobic breitbart. please consider opting out slpng_giants can h rt sass1h help needed for those who help in the abilene isd classroom classroom you wanna know fear you wanna know fear dropping your cintiq on the floor.the future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -eleanor roosevelt quotewe can t become what we need to be by remaining what we are.rt fruitsarehere let me love and stealporn moods sex position pornposition moodspose sex porn 1474239834 rt paramore 10 day til after laughter. lindseybyrnes rt actormadhavan this is so wrong on so many level .. this has to stop. ridiculous  mad_hanner may 26. you ll be there 5 kitchen trend which are going to be huge this year countryliving attend the forum envisioning the nfv sdn mano future at nfvworldcongress amp set up a meet with our expert rt damienprincejr retweet to win ps4 or xbox one masturbation side effects you never tought about this is a must read what whatrt sistecbd atsocialmedia etsymntt flockbn wedding photography pricing list template photography  bts_twt the best 14 second of my lifert sheaserrano dope i can t wait to not listen to this rt theonlyohehir i need to stop overthinking everythingrt todoliadrian the gig economy employee self-employed or the need for a special employment regulation transfer on etui_org rt sportscenter russell westbrook will be eligible for a 5-year 217m supermax making him the highest-paid player in nba history.rt theonlyohehir i need to stop overthinking everythinground 6 aflfantasy weekend wash-up from mattcraigdt.  sumssgalore on god spending plan includes reassurance for legal marijuana rt sniperjimin i m voting bts_twt for the top social artist awards btsbbmasi am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas. kingsrt tinsleymel jasonawolf nswaci absolutely what we are progressing to building into business a usual through rt ayar_02 i whisper no mames in my head at least 13 time a dayrt cyberfeeis take one you need and retweet it for someone else rt doniadgiover whatever is worrying you right now forget about it. take a deep breath stay positive and know that thing will get bett rt kxyonn cancer uncooked fry - plain and dry - don t know what they want to be .. - suspicious rt bulletproof_sg bts blood sweat amp tears japanese ver. mv teaser a cygnet asleep. rt victoriagf24 bts_bighit bts_twt jimin i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt baker70dawson bring baker back how many retweets for coach rt melindalsmith sharpen those pencil poets. the canberra times will be taking poetry again soon sub open 15-28 may. 28 line or unde rt yoodiirrttyyass all the east oakland nigga swore db the general wa finna get signed  vodafoneireland my broadband is still gone. it s been gone since sunday morning. what s the story i am in tramore co. waterford.like seriously i need one right now. rt bts_bighit . bts_twt vote 2017 billboard music awards voting start soon bts vote bts_twt for bbmas top social artist rt vshock1230 i vote bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist ttrt sextlist i m very perfectionistic and very lazy which is a terrible combinationrt hiphoptamila_fc wishing happy birthday thala ajith sir vivegam manofmass hbdbelovedthalaajith  gazikodzo this make zero sense capitalism doesn t discriminate. the only color capitalism care about is green.she hop on top and ride me like a harleyshort week.. go for it rt 1kidrauhl_biebz if you were here when justin got booed at the bbma s in 2014 amp are still here then rt bbmas justinbbmas rt mitchkimpark i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas junghoseokrt femaletexts y all jb justin bieber me an intellectual jb jonas brothersrt swagrman omg we got it on camera hater will say it fake earthquake losangeles  fabienneinalbon golf_spaf good luck fabsi the glove can come off the sun is out rt paullewismusic yes he should before we put him amp the rest of his admin in jail thank you maxinewaters for the sanity rt jae_sprint someone i love u my damaged as sure u do lolrt notanna damn it s may 1st already what s next may 2nd fuck everything24 stunning plait and braid to consider for your wedding hair rt ray_darko past. listen share enjoy. rt eniidaj before the start of megamillennials photo shoot we caught james at around 04 00am reviewing the layout while wai  okokanaahi stop growing up salon the not the white house correspondents dinner celebrated journalism while taking shot at cnn fox and t rt whoisluka this one for the kid flat earther conversation coming up on wednesday at 7 pm central timei need it all shit  perv sex teenspy wanking horny esbian sara jay kinky dude jerks off dick in front of brunette college slut rt mjstarlover leave it to black woman to always come through. metgala rt uppu_park61 i m voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas please rt you re my world hello4x tell me what you w i m using snap for snapchat to add new feature to snapchat for free visit to see allisandra sex porn livecam amateur obrempong s oil diary 10 year of oil in ghana the story so far video rt redsdanvers i love you maggie sawyer i love you alex danvers yeah yeah rt jeonggukupdates bangtan will appreciate it more if we will be humble and stop arguing with other fandom non fans. let s use our time rt raeocchipinti 100 ring 120 in savings. i like to be spoiled but if my man can barely afford something i d rather him save his rt if you think suga is swag. i m voting for bts_twt for the 2017 bbmas top social artist awardrt richmondsvryown homeboy si thats ya husband rt glitterspoons lavender vanilla sugar scrub easy diy sugar scrub homespa pampernight bodyscrub  uc4ntkillme jhwalz32 jadedbypolitics mikerzer shariromine geraldyak420 acidbrainwash larryputt rt hypesir7 in stillness we hear the loud whisper of god.makes perfect sense to us. get out and ride rt maywardpgn maymay s ig story. she s watching showtime rn. mayward growinginlove rt sunsetslester what the fuck is up daniel no what d you say what the fuck dude. step the fuck up daniel to erza i ll do what i want till the end. cut me down if you want. rt chanboxian im not cry you are rt hemant_c1 p_samira54 bhartki pocso is misused in asaram bapu ji s case. report say it s fake _ _ _ we offer the experience and resource to meet any challenge whilst delivering value for money rt gogettakaee we came in first we wa never last rt kevinmgill outter edge of the a ring and f ring movie via cassinisaturn on may 1st cassiniinspires nikee squints. tweets itne faltu hote hain rt uchebangbang lmfaoo this nigga crazyrt bobongquotes this time put yourself first.can my prof cancel class tomorrow. pls pls pls.rt ksantulis midnight when the germans boo d ivanka that wa the worst thing they ever did. trumpteacheshistoryrt mademyday530 i need another iconic performance from gfriend on dream concert like this one. still can t get over how good it wa rt joetjiho and our group won the second prize at techcampzambia 2017. usembnamibia usembassyzambia yali_safrica bongohive you say you are a friend for what reason to get close to kill me ok then so should i question killing you.. rt hmtsuga bbmasvotes2017 i vote for bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmasrt susahake resilience resilienz speaker rednerinnen experience the group coaching at the berlin beaches of resilience fr i voted for bts_twt for bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas voting onthe ounce is 1256.20 at 2017 05 02 10 30 27 am rimming chance sexvideos auto underwear loud taxi greensboro  asia usa uk eu 10 thing we learn about ivanka trump in her new book on working woman - rt chukmorka when your sister goes on a date w ichvse  nifaux i don t have stretch mark but i used to have a birth mark in my toothrt spat106 i am hearing that willie jackson wa expecting to be fifth on labour s party list so that people would refer to him a jackson rt criminalbaby309 i want to ask question to make vote tweets.. bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmas and.. what is the first bts v rt chukmorka when your sister goes on a date w ichvse those bizzare eyes will give you nightmares rt chukmorka when your sister goes on a date w ichvse rt taehyungpics i am voting for bts_twt for the top social artist awards btsbbmas taehyung s mole on his nose.. rt if u agreert chukmorka when your sister goes on a date w ichvse rt btsbbmas i vote for bts_twt in bbmas for top social artist award btsbbmasrt chukmorka when your sister goes on a date w ichvse personality lipstick shaped clutch bag womens white acrylic box handbag purse c 13.66 1 bid end date monday.. rt omjayden love is sweeter when it s new.. but it is sweeter when it s truert jeonggukupdates i voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award. errbody say la la la la lart chukmorka when your sister goes on a date w ichvse rt jrockfilms the accuracy  hazza2792 fback rt thirtysecfights bruh what the fuck lmao this is too accurate thanks trevor fartin_barton thesayrogg the groupme today is quotable honeoye falls ny weather 05 02 17 02 30 am pressure 1001.8mb rain last hour 0.00inches rain since midnight 0.00inches rain last 24help our child our country i am willing to call all my classmate to vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist of the year.rt theellenshow draw me like one of your french girls. rt bbmas rt to vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas scroll_in sale of asthma medicine in india rose 16 in 2016 43 in four year report rt kangdanielph admin get to know your country s kang daniel fanbase. our family is growing. real one rt twerkitash i m cry bc my cousin used the same name we said at the samedamntime at that sushi place hajjmalikshabaz  there s a new sheriff in town george osborne s evening standard imagined rt tbhpained how can i move on when im still inlove with you sheembottransferwise ceo worry about trump and brexit rt covechatter hits arroyo can barrel up kershaw. that s really really good news friends.rt kolby182 any 2 white guy could walk up to me and say we re the chainsmokers and i d believe them.rt leyton_mclisse that moment when he point to elisse a.k.a. that s my wife moment p mclisse atnatasha  pastelvibrant i love you rin mayward growinginlovert barrera14171 wow i wish i wa showed off i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist 9.0rt pampers_uk we re delighted to partner with blisscharity and sophieeb to launch our smallest ever nappy for preemie baby rt mrfariator anon requested roll in her armor from the upon a star ova. megaman pixelart rt freddyamazin how s studying for final going rt belovedchim bbmas bts_twt i vote for bts_twt btsbbmas for the bbmas top social artist award cry bc bangtan is healthy bennett - 2nd of chronicles of the white tower. free on kindle unlimited. ian1 rt durgayelif i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas a day may come when we lose suga celcom so slow these days. whyy rt damnitskendrick love. visited the neighbor but dokkaebi ahjussi wasn t home yet. . . . . goblin dokkaebi rt mikeadamonair rt if you agree that rihanna won metgala2017 rt jinjjarevil we need to talk about this glow up  alex__briggs it wa great to have discussed yesterday.don t worry it will not rain this afternoon i liked a youtube video tbc coin is in the top 5 of all crypto currencies rt eniidaj bts of hellobangsie for this month s mega_magazine grab a copy now megamillennials look it s here pizza 39 off now only 14.00 tastebud rt dopedaegu i vote for bts_twt a top social artist award at btsbbmas im a simple man with simple need and one of my need is an upd it is a hot video only for adults.. - sex teen porn found a transponder snail giants sea monster and other amazing encounter trecru how the macbook pro s magic toolbar can cast a spell on the world apple i vote bts_twt top social artist btsbbmas firert nasa in may s nighttime sky jupiter is well placed for evening viewing amp the moon dance w venus mercury amp mars rt nlondoncamra barnsbury social tues 2nd may 7.30pm pigandbutcher 8.15pm crownislington 9pm thealbionpub 9.45pm thecuckoo_n1 10.3 may 11th why is your phone dead all the time.rt bryson_rhodes tag someone dead alive who can do the iamkinglos challenge and solve a rubick a cube rt mntcs_usa_west ig update mainedcm mainenatics_us mainenatics_ofc aldubxdtbylettinggo rt ohmyitscarrie it won t get better than me amp that s fosho rt musicchoice . bts_twt damn btsarmy ya ll are crazy and we love itrt telanganadgp unfounded allegation from a senior responsible leader will lower the morale and image of police engaged in fightin i am voting for bts for the btsbbmas top social artist award kirt btsarmy_intl i vote for bts_twt btsbbmas top social artist award don t forget to stream on spotify and youtube while voting __ powershares qq etf qq ranked 3 out of 97 in the top 100 etf ranking rt foolsiikeyou it s literally not a white people thing they suffered from eating disorder and had experience with drug abuse. rt tshegoo_ rt if you wanted to be a yotv presenter once in your childhood red color door window curtain drape panel or scarf assorted scarf sheer hot rt angievictoriah stressedlatino ivykungu wait..so there are people who don t like avocado that s a thing they exist i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt sidebae if you think a girl is pretty then simply say hey youre really pretty and then youve made her day its not that hard alanhenry not me. we never kept a kosher house or anything. we re a i like to describe it christmas jews. never kept traditionim gna miss emma so much can she like not leave tomorrow thanks imajmitcheli nightin traffic finessinhow prophet received n70m 3 house 2 car to cure fibroid rtrt sandinmyfist i m sitting idle tweeting today because of grofers grofers failure to deliver call to deliver order on time. my dog ha mom you re so dramatic me no i m not also me i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award. you never walk alonert jayyphelps my dawg you smart realize what you got before you lose it.. rt radical__ one thing that stress me out very much that most people won t understand but some do are videogames. charlielfriend ermm i hope you re not talking about yourself you re stunning i m ugly everyone play me in ball pong i m on a roll this is the cutest thread ever rt fayaz_king an 8-ingredient meal-prep plan made for vegetarians via greatist colin_dack sportsbreakfast broadcastmoose mickquinn1089 haha you know i can say the exact same about moose onl rt vanzmercado delavinkisses sings like an angel.. travis scott fan breaks his back after rapper encourages him to jump off balcony -- watch rt tosin__a a queen..  muzieryn hey muzie wasn t sure because i m one of those special people who are banned and blocked not gon lie everyone bout to lose me for a bit it s time i get back on my shitrt bbmasvotes2017 who like the new header bbmas rt wingsofkth i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas bts be snatching the award and snatching other fandom h rt itskaraarnold knotstandard sorry to see your ad on racist sexist breitbart. please block slpng_giants can help. thank you rt noheartfound okay not mad ok mad k mad af anjanaomkashyap please yaar stop this biased journalismrt mandywiener loving listening to my friend davidosullie on breakfast on kayafm95dot9 - world class broadcaster and news man.bailey ryder et silvie luca if you were aiming for my heart you ve struck true. this wa meant to be..payback for lala is married i m not rt reiatabie things zendaya did that metgala i suck at texting unless i m feelin urt itaintselenag they saved 2017 metgala rt trendinaliatr the tweet with the most impact of the zoran tosic trend wa published by squawka 87 rts  newprofilepic jenna again lol transavia hv6143 from ams to allicante is squawking 7700 over paris. seems to divert paris orly keep it spicy n interestin not just sexually but lil shit.. leave a sexy note run their water..make ur partner feel special loved n wanted.we despise all reverence and all object of reverence which are outside the pale of our list of sacred thing and no_event i decide to vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist because of their amazing dance. go go go no_event im voting for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist i love u park jimin no_event rt ali_thanawalla . ap photog mjterrill win the night with this photo. sfgiants dodgers no_event rt myley__ he love me no_event i liked a back just sneezed about pineapple no_event rt grandlenz init daw oh.. aldenrichards02 maine i.g story aldubxdtbylettinggo no_event dodge charger r t hemi 2006 dodge 2006 dodge charger r t hemi in great condition engine and transmission run v no_event rt pooja__g 100icicidigitalvillages icicibank ha transformed 100 village in 17 state and will continue to do so. 100icici digital vi no_event i can t speak for everybody else but me personally i will never look back it s all or nothing from here on out no_event rt melaniehannah ivanka trump describing survival mode help to end cat dissection in the us plz sign rt drr7c 100 free live sex at angela white drm00re drrzx drrxm jax_glam drjohnson100 rt atheasshole_ you gotta be this extra with your shorty logitech s400i 30-pin ipod iphone alarm clock speaker dock brand new sealed some girl have will power to get up an hour early for class to contour and sometimes i wonder if a shower is worth losing 20 min of sleeprt piques15 when kanye auditioned for american idol rt vijayendrak_web veejay_k colorstv love his variation in each scene episode caps suraj udaan  nataleeyyaa i expect daily screenshot update plsrt carterscollecta vintage indian taper holder 46 offer cfs7489 followvintage noths giftideas ebay folkart artisan ebay rt leqendpjm armyselcaday oh i luh my talented men face sitting sex  mishacak3s okay last thing it wa most likely a black rat snake which is apparently the largest snake in north ame want to get to know some naughty babe check out rt ahoran156 you re my favorite person i m so proud of you and all you did 2017 would be your year dont care it can you follow me har rt namjunemolle i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardcould north korean nuclear test lead to volcanic eruption cnn environmentrt to vote for bts_twt for bbmas top social artist btsbbmasdincerguner premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagai added a video to a youtube playlist fullmetal alchemist brotherhood all openings amp endings creditless kvngbrandoo fictionrt officialdaddymo jaydenus christopher eze smith ii. ndi ozo of bel air repping for the igbo tribe of nigeria at the metgala rt beauxtieswag everything ain t meant for social media.rt thm_off have to accept it hater 51days for thalapathy day rt sirwilliamd possibly the second map of the british isles ever to be printed with scotland reaching out to europe - from the ro the best shoes for travel tips from a podiatrist  btsbbmmas i voted bts_twt i really love themrt 8bitfiction i adore you. i quite embarrassingly tell everyone i see.dincerguner premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagano time for small talkbreaking witnesses cast doubt on us claim that islamic state militant may be behind toll in deadliest strike in iraq s mosul. - apit wa a busy bank holiday monday in the netballsl we ve got all the result and how the table look right here rt ukipnfkn theresa may s brexit dinner disaster via zelo_street brexit another morning another place alwayssomewherealex go deeper undercover our quantico recap rt jasmoneyrecords i think a larger issue is that men arrive at college still needing to be educated about consent. acer t77h462 laptop tablet computer 611526 j11 rt christyn_joie i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award. btsbbmas rise of bangtan. arianagrande im voting for arianagrande for top social artist at the arianabbmas sex starved latina ice la fox sucking a fat dick and getting facialized gas the peaceful - let the poor freeze the most beautiful and sexy best woman hot big tit avaaddams beautiful pussy licking body sensual beautiful l im sad nowi voted bts_twt for bbmas for top social artistrt wale one time for my guy btsbbmas. let my boy shinehi brb trying to bridge the perceived yawning disconnect between me and my friend 100 bts questions qoute your answer and add i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas i am voting bts_twt in bbmas for top social artist award btsbbmas bts fighting  stinkkyy_ going awf tell her my bad u should ve had ya headphone in.maybe ethan ran away from those girl co they didn t want them to see his new hair musefanfran ffdpgitte julik317 angel_xx_xx rubyw67 scarboo 093_303 the49erbrat alc510_angie clayjames4 rt chuckforblair ryan reynolds talking about blake lively. i want to cry they are so in love and beautiful. then out of the corner of herrt mrohsowreqless or or.. just hear me out.. you could just not wear nice shoe in bad weather rt batmanovn retweeted luis happymy_love ollove412 thank you dear olga be always happy i wanna bts_twt to win the btsbbmas 2017 top social artist 2017rt myunwrittensoul i drink up the beauty and bleed out the poetry.  trollhaiklu awesomert zeenews what about your ten pakistani head in return promise lance naik hemraj s mother asks centre rt rapspotlights asahd already out here swimming rt beautybybetty can you do 15 rt nochutete if you truly believe love conquers all try to give a kiss to a rattlesnake. erik tanghe rt nkwachukwu_n meet mazi chukwujade-n smithy and his enticing outfit representing igbo men for the metgala officialjaden  221milli this is the record breaker of all jackpot from betting company in kenya. i would travel to dubai to relax my mind.wanna see the day when people just let people be who they are and worry about themselves first insteadrt jassminee1998 i m a hopeless romanticthis is my vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award 2017 btsbbmasrt tfmcentre why go it alone when you can join a network of professional and massively increase your chance of success info at kieran c. need clean my front yard airtaskerit s all my fault though i understand why everyone ignores mert lilhoely you blocking somebody is a sign of you filtering the bullshit outta your life. no one is entitled to your communic the retweets already lmao yoo rt misterhugotero how i wish my mom could live forever.rt billboard rihanna turn up the volume at 2017 metgala i miss your voice i miss your laugh i need your hear i need your hug in everynight in everyday is you.rt jonnycoolbig some hope to fall in love i d rather climb down it with the option of climbing back up.rt god_loved decide today that you won t give up on your dream and desires. keep pressing forward believing that you are anointed and e rt bbmasanalytics _ lt do _ gt u know _ lt gt annyeonghaseyo i vote bts_twt for at btsbbmas top rt jcwphilippines countdown 9 more day suspiciouspartner jeezus ji chang wook in glass i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award kim nam joonwell dat told me some ion wanna hear silence of the lamb i said some of you woman hoe rt mipaltan maharashtra day owned by mi and rpsupergiants we aced our chase amp won by 5 wickets. mivrcb rpsvgl cricketmerijaanrt qwertee peace among worlds is today s tee on retweet for a chance at a free tee rt anantgoenka now builder will think twice before cheating you 10 way rera will protect homebuyers  simplyrik after question on obama trump asks reporter to leave oval office follow me on rt fortunemagazine north korea say u.s. bomber flight push the region to the brink of nuclear war rt dangeroast i m voting for arianagrande for top social artist bbmas arianabbmas seventeenrt dangeroast i m voting for arianagrande for top social artist bbmas arianabbmas seventeeni vote bts_twt for bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas seventy seven bts seven membernahh piers morgan rattling nick clegg on good morning britainvoting for bts_twt for billboard 2017 btsbbma they truly deserve itrt desichorii1 your wife only want one thing in the men that fuck her - a stiff cock. so that put you out of the equation.  neverquiet1 he pay attention when it is money for himself or attention from his heathen fan clubrt mbchavez86 we re almost there guys.kunti nalang at 3m view na on youtube.push myxcelebvjmaymay i can take a million selfies but a profile picture a whole nother animal hard time picking  snoozegcd idk her.rt alfrenchman trust no one everybody always tell your business.redhead girl asked to record her sucking a stranger rt fardore honestly truly.. zoe kravitz did that. metgala rt btsarmy19940218 i have decided to vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artistrt jeonoasis favorite line in namjoon s expensive girl btsbbmaswho start first taco charlton or chidobe awuzie breaking down new cowboys chance to impact early rt acdbmendes vote shawnmendes for topsocialartist in bbmas by tweeting shawnbbmas 8rt j_hope4u i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award let s cheer up bts togetherrt jhog13 if april shower bring may flower than what doe may snow bring rt iamblackbear shoulda listened to me back theni am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas seokjinrt j_asmith18 this tattoo is awesome rt diddy i wa getting tired so i laid down on the stair metgala 17. bts amp army love forever. i am voting for bts_twt for the 2017 bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt bestmenshair 23 pictures that will make you feel sick and uncomfortable wtf wtf super gloomyrt liltwan079 money the only thing on my agenda rt tinypantsandrew yo gotti look like a boiled peanut rt bestmenshair 23 pictures that will make you feel sick and uncomfortable wtf  lauraalyceh is she thort runwayrih rihanna is the biggest fashion icon of our time. don t debate me because you re wrong. she follows theme and executes look rt bestmenshair 23 pictures that will make you feel sick and uncomfortable wtf nowplaying somehow someway - luther barnes and the red budd cospel choir 01 30rt taehyungpic i vote bts bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award rt if u stan bts rt jhopecrew bts made my standard in men so high not with look but with personality. they are some of the most respectful and generou okay and  marta sweet evening virtuagirl striptease rt cornitos contestalert funwithcornitos can you tell what s even more cheesy share tour quirky answer like share rt rapspotlights tryna be a carefree a earl sweatshirt rt atheasshole_ you gotta be this extra with your shorty rt newestmagazine newest photographer - fontanglacey rt unicef_uk what can 1 do feedachildsfuture  deanna_niki okay now i approve this bio cedricdoparis big shoutout to you rt excercisetips try this wall workout to really hit your shoulder and core  zuma can t wait to hear what zuma s drum majorets in nomvula lindiwe zulu faith and batagilwe gonna say about their bos being booed.guess who got tonsillitis and want to fuckin die it mert infamousthedj dj khaled drops new video i m the one ft. justin bieber quavo chance the rapper and lil wayne - no data this time sorry for this inconvenience tue. 2 may. 2017 - 13 30 48rt bleacherreport kyrie wa out here dodging the monstars rt fyeahwonhui 150802. wonwoo s smile when junhui hugged him. cr. lovelane time lapse dafbama2017_girlsgeneration89 for the btsbbmas top social artist award this year i ve decided to vote for bts_twtjust wanna fall asleep next to yourt butylene48 plz rt btsxweekly week43 barista taeyoung bogum rt speediskey__ and this is the most painful part of a break up having to stunt on your ex when you wa suppose to stunt with them.. you ll only go a far a your mind will allow yourt usbtsarmy bbma voting info - tagging bts is not necessary -using bbmas amp btsbbmas in the same tweet is ok -everyone can vote on you have to do your best with what god gave you life is a box of chocolate you never know what you re going to get duttyogi realarnabg yes sir but our bad luck is our country ha leader like digvijaya_28rt hanh1911ki i vote bts_twt for the top social artist award bbmas btsbbmas spring day  muz4now ha ha. the nature of the beast i guess. i wa listening to npr this afternoon amp heard a story about bloomb rt tweetlikeagiri thats enough internet for today for how long will d president work from home time will tel. 2019 is around d corner city1051rt jecassidy2 then trumpputin hacked the election me too. we have same taste let date allrisesilver rt causewereguys it s easy they said.. rt amitrajwant 7 pig dispatched to hell by indian army. i salute indian army. jai hind. rt sosexuai put a polaroid of ya girl butt where your license should be rt arianatordesire yes pics gif are allowed to vote with using the hashtag arianabbmas rt atheasshole_ you gotta be this extra with your shorty  dovecameron i bet this u rn still scrolling on twitter i cast my vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas 2017 top social artist awardtwenty-eight vote justinbbmasi vote for bts_twt for bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt hoesloveglo if you ask me to be the god mother of your child i m showing up to the baby shower in this rt gurmeetramrahim happybaisakhifrommsg this baisakhi take a pledge to not to burn agri-waste in farm rather use it a fodder or ma its always business never personal.. gooseps there it isrt jasmine22hot gift for u guy rt mzansfollotrain retweet if you follow back. follow skylinejhb amp everyone who retweets this. we follow back. mzanzifollotrain rt high_im_aj_bruh my dawg bvdly really killed his shit. that 4g slappin. check this out nicktitan1994 jrekez 2phonephilly18  okfurnituresa i m sorted. it wa only on the internetrt sincerelytumblr i need this dog they announced their kid name on the news a bear pls is it april again rt drakeandchill my goal in a relationship is to help you become a better person keep you out of trouble amp show you thing about yourself rt shawnmendes661 rollingstone mylenemendes_ i love shawnmendes so much shawnmendes661rt diego7739 he is the best there is the best there ever ha been possibly the best there ever will be. humphreys can t even get the fucking time right. 7.30 r4todayrt iamlowlifetj issa wife thread .rt siroyaks like fenty slides shop using code life for 10 discount rt eddygss rockets embarrassed san antonio at home astros beat the rangers texans finally have a future houston right now rt btsbbmas challenge this tweet reach seven thousand retweets vote i vote for bts_twt in bbmas for top social artist award. btsb  m_bertozzi enjoy marco alexrt siroyaks like fenty slides shop using code life for 10 discount try a visit to rookery waters. great fishing on 5 lakes tackle and bates shop and cafe. look here 2 please retweet job opportunity for sr tableau architect 17-01384 - ca - sunnyvale more here rt siroyaks like fenty slides shop using code life for 10 discount rt j14ledda going to a uc doe not make you better than people going to a csu rt artlunacy let s drive until we re lost. rt nlinaustralia dutch company 3dbyflow present their 3dprinted beef lamb chicken and roo for aussie burger the 3dfoodprintin i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas bighitrt brndnwprsn sagittarius -always get played -sweet caring partner -don t try to change them tho -great kisser -usually down for any good morning from a sunny and hazy llanberis. ton of washing to do after returning from clublasanta and the volcano tri. have a good one.apple rt jongineous help rt help me to spread this my bestfriend want to buy the kai ver a my birthday gift if this tweet reached 8 miss u already  slabster13 cont1.. if the problem persists please try a different browser. thank you.round 4 score 1 907 round rank 31 970 overall rank 2 853 trades out tuohy amp o meara in hampton amp steele rt _hoseokie_ i voted bts_twt for the social bbmas top artist award btsbbmasi got a boy bbmas justinbbmas bieberbbmas retweet for gt gt vote lt lt rt iamblackbear shoulda listened to me back thenrt jinjjarevil seriously im getting goosebump their concept are intertwining rt bbmasvotes2017 retweet if you re voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award just the one unfollower today found tracked by my vote for social artist award in bbmas go to bts_twtrt alanfarrimond kelodymelody moxlonge she absolutely doesn t like coming anywhere near the common hoard doe she afraid s rt fillwerrell when you re tired of that one friend who always asks you for gum rt scaramuzza_d don t ever let anybody hold you from following your heart. quote love lovequotes rt army_league i vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas pls don t disseminate infos without proper source as it may co rt mingihoh i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas armyi m voting for bts_twt for btsbbmas for top social artist i love the way you make me feelrt youngrobstone this xxtracredit for me man.rt greatestmindq happiness is when what you think what you say and what you do are in harmony. - mahatma gandhirt jeff__benjamin i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas subiantorolili lili subiantoro howdy we invite you to this specific adult porn webcam free sign up click on my profile freethis is me instagram post by official dr. sebi s cell food may 2 2017 at 1 04am utc happy birthday bebe btob_6sj enjoy your day suara kekecewaan adele terhadap pilkada ahok.. that you settled down.. that you.. found a girl.. that you.. married now rt gummytorius mendesarmy follow all who retweet this tweet and follow who follows back shawnbbmas bbmas  artificiyeolove nuu. whine and tilt my headrt 9kason if you cheat you not in love idc.us to continue talk with israel on settlement white house rt imkeishaun kendrick lamar x love is a classic rt telegraphnews revealed how eu ha been secretly plotting to block theresa may over eu migrant for week ion care about no pussy bitch just give it to me cause i m the realist nigga they ever metrt vampiregoddess8 it wa fate waige teamscorpion how to get legit g-shock online store here  yanettediamonds how did you not know you don t know her birthday cry on now _mannj - running everything up hiphop rt yukwontwt yukwon really out here rt namjoonftafi taehyung is snatching heart real quick bbmas btsbbmas is this fr rt queenkerra black ppl 7 00 - im coming now 8 30 - about to leave 9 00 - on my way 10 30 - im outsideyou can catch a fly with honey but you catch more honies being fly chilljordan trunks the hardest character to beat in that game. is he the strongest character in dbz diggin a bulge scan on a morning bitchwhodyalovert champagnefeei ed sheeran song either make you want to cry or fall in love. there s no in between.rt gg_quotes ed westwick give me breathing problem  live919fm djlordgh jayfoley2131 yh i hv had one b4 wer ma ex told me de parent say no to our relationship co of wer i cme frm..rt lilypichu daily comfy image rt thelostwendy btsbbmas i vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmasrt leamenezes5 have to go work but imma come back. i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas bbmas top social media artist rt captainsafia me starting a new project technical innovation react vue preact elm me copy index.html from previous project i cant help it im just selfish ariana for bbma arianabbmasi am voting for justin bieber for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote justinbbmas sixtysixrt markruffalo what is it with this guy first on cnn trump administration ending michelle obama s girl education program - cnn rt medicaiguide this is how the world s first head transplant will be carried out medicalguide i voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist at the bbmas dead leafrt smarties04 for the bbmas top social artist award for the year i cast my vote for bts_twt btsbbmasrt williamshatner feminism is great but term like toxic masculinity are degrading. it border on that imaginary concept to feminist rt suriyafansclub our pleasure sir ssrajamouli dreamproject suriya_offl rajsekarpandian rt cory_1077 if you would like to report illegalaliens plz call u.s. immigration amp customs enforcement ice at 1-866-dhs-2ice sext nyansa premiere new voyance network analytics tool - techtarget  x_littleraven_x no you re right it 60 grandrt mingyukimlobeu maliashake hoseokmyking pastelkooks bbmasvotes2017 bts_twt i voted bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist aw the science of today is the technology of tomorrow. edward teller.rt _thisislondon god i love my girlfriend rt nicknpattiwhack lawwdd baby kaleidoscope wasn t trying to pay dan for his service .. rt simplykrystalj i always want some chocolate this time of nightrt wholelottaleek then when she get her as done y all gone judge her like y all do the rest of them  dominos use this link to get buy 1 get 1 pizza on dominos good morning yutaro i got playing soccer dog and cheetah meet as babies form a lifelong friendship with each other rt vsglovers game day animoinourveinsrt taehyungpiics i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas goal one thousand retweetstrust no onert jongsucck rt bc this could change any moment notmydan sage me appoints new regional director - trade arabia  hankschulman sfchronicle they have done better than most against good pitching in past seasons. mediocre pitcher  charjosephs you too rt fatwreck colonelfalcon benjedwards snukgaming 16bitnostalgia gamer_dan5 billysastard1 a3rgan juicygamereview rt dancingabc umm really where wa this injury an argentine tango from the uncontainable normanikordei and iamvalc dwts those funny face rt emmaroller just two people doing a white power hand gesture in the white house  sfpd slow to keep up with skyrocketing elder abuse via jonahowenlamb rt its_brianna234 4 more week of school. can i do it nort nanbtsjk been trying to tell you this i wa supposed to tell you this i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award. this rt allkpop shinee wrap up their 5th japan tour with 250 00 fan rt sexualgif they re so freaking cute omg rt lskindagirls talent should always win over popularity.. rt count.. i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award oliviahennis hah. protagonist s bio dad is a dork who still see her a the baby she wa when mum walked out with her.rt taxhomes doing well by doing good on linkedinrough cover - rt babyassashh getting curved is the story of my lifert dopeitsdavo boy you stupid give me the flaming hot munchies. india hicks getting ready to debut curated capsule collections on may 3 for her lifestyle collection rt awhjeon bts are known a bangtan sonyeondan or or bulletproof boyscouts in english but we don t talk about tha q100 one female in france say confused and uncomfortable 6 adam jones says red sox fans taunted him with racist insults 5 in-demand entry-level job that pay over 60 00 a year rt antoniobtwo imagine dancing for two second singing along to two line of a song and then thinking you re black.. rt francisyeoh33 eternally gorgeous helen mirren and husband taylor at our ytl s shook restaurant in kl well shitrt grabesila if you are busy pleasing everyone you are not being true to yourself. jocelyn murray aldubxdtbylettinggort taehyungpiics i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas taehyung jungkook-ah look at the votes.. did u just v rt tariqterry pas it on  dominos_au why can t your website find my address when ordering you just lost an order to pizzahutausdo stressed-out japanese really stage elaborate disappearances on the trail of the johatsu or evaporated people  astronomicalkc listen to my new song gotmyglockwitme at on this day in 1885 the congo free state is established by king l opold ii of belgium. rt bbmas rt to vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas rt themilanbible kessie ha been convinced by milan and mirabelli should meet with atalanta this week to make an offer of close to .. jamaldeang . i can t. i got all these hoe staring when i walk tru rt caitiuke luke look so genuinely happy when he meet fan we mean so much to him and he s just overall amazing and i hope h rt guwop chief keef outside the met gala pushing the door that say pullrt amarahendrix not happy.. don t know why i keep doing this to myself  icytheartist no question rt kropp_kandi williamlegate seanhannity no it won t. do you know anything at all about potus i ll leave this here for you. have you heard dj dean savage may 2017 mix by dj dean savage on soundcloud np rt sagoedoe lmao which nigerian is responsible for this metgala rt sirjadeja wake up. work until your window view becomes your dream view. goodmorning. have a great day. rt mmazzonejr i donated max 2700 2 kelliwardaz 2 defeat senjohnmccain in azsen primary i got another 2700 ready 4 general el rt markdice trumpteacheshistory the mainstream medium all said hillary would be the next president. you all know how that turned out. c oh okay rt bbmas rt to vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas rt btsbbmas last update today btsbbmas 17 931 500 tweet 10 805 500 retweets 60 204 400 reply 1 88 200 tpm max 86 female 14 rt mmazzonejr i donated max 2700 2 kelliwardaz 2 defeat senjohnmccain in azsen primary i got another 2700 ready 4 general el rt michael5sos super proud of my friend brianlogandales for taking a leap of faith amp going for something he loves. check it out i choose to vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awards.rt amandaxgordon god work in mysterious wayrt jarrodking kind of surprised how good this came out. almost look like something you d see in a museum lol. rt myoongi_0309 i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas if bangtan win this will be the pride of the whole ko  arirang_asc boys24_official doe any of you want to go to my p.e class instead of me thank you i appreciate unitblack_100rt gheelyeng548 justinbbmas keep voting beliebers rt the90slife ..and if that isn t deep i don t know what is. rt usaa a great broncos salutetoservice moment. proud to be the official military appreciation sponsor of the denver bron sleeping with the enemy might be the only way to save personal lines - insurance rt hankypanty priyanka chopra s dress work on more level than the plot for quantico.  rt the unexpected twist amp turn of this intriguing novel had me reading it in one setting rt mgapatama i miss you but you seem just fine without me. vitality charm massage i choose to vote for bts_twt for the bbmas award for the top social artist btsbbmastwitterrt demiwuflower trumpsuperpac build the wall..build the wall..  voted bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awards fifty sixbogeyland - don t go to.. halloweenmusic hows your feeling devinrt whitfordbradley no pivot. no presidential. no learning. no way to calculate the harm done to our institution and our most vulnerable rt kashanacauley someday we ll have a president who defends slavery the generally recommended amount of zero time a day.rt sagiorli 1 dead 3 injured in stabbing attack at university of texas texas vacature werk junior commercial buyer ibood.commood rt enchantingsuga so i kinda made something  theweeknd starboy . ready to add this to the playlist. theweeknd starboy beatsbydre voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist of the year is my favorite things. i m ready.rt danielelight61 newrelease free with ku kindleunlimited interracial asianerotica bmaw rt tbhpained i love seeing my happiness happy with his new happiness rt nondu_cele love s gonna get you killed but pride s gonna be the death of you and me and you and you and me season 2rt evilbmcats the dark age is our aim. to rule over mankind. obey or be obliterated.  nowplaying cherrelle - will you satisfy tune in rt frncsc_cams btsbbmas bts_twt i vote for bts_twt in bbmas for top social artist award. btsbbmasrt xim_g_w_vix mgwv retweet followtrick teamfollowback anotherfollowtrain rt minults look at all them beliebers and directioners swerving to our kpop goodness lmao i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social rt armyvn_twt i voting for jhope bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt kayye never trust a man who ha multiple barber si cause his barber isn t the only thing that he s cheating on take no security researcher and alleged spam operator to square off in court in ugly lawsuit oh okay rt me_gicana28 dear mainedcm aldenrichards02 thank you for this day ty for your time and effort we loveyou you more aldubxdtbylett  ccabellonews chlosubia flawlessrt bts_indo i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award rt to vote fightingrt jeonsmirks i love compliment pt. 3 rt pankaj11rana top 10 use case of where artificialintelligence is already making in roads. rt iamblackbear shoulda listened to me back thendont a hightower malcolm butler make list of nfl s top 100 player rt msblairewhite look at these ridiculous fucking demand black hitler is making just to debate me on thursday. there s no way i m a holy fuck read this and rt this to everyone you know..the dnc is one corrupt criminal enterprise.. rt girlposts sarah paulson is all of us if we ever saw our faves irl metgala ferchoman200 played star wars battlefront xbox one in the last 24 hour exophasebest bench drill press buying guide rt daztheleo street art in the mission ifellinlovewithsanfrancisco  normaniondwts normanikordei mani you did that girl yass you freaking godess killed it  shelbycxntreras its inspiringrt excitement if shes important to you show her.rt yafavlegend rt this dying to see bruno in october so 0x449323bb 0xed7653e5 0xcd9feb5e 7 line deleted 0x002 rsapriv 32 0x63c5f12b 0xdlb85426 0x4f5a681c 0x68be4748 7 line deleted rt erinnagns i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top sosial artist award.need to be in sandton by 11 00 motho osale mokopane.. janvi_siya good morning .be happy always rt nitasha22 haa haa haa make note just posted a photo i m in love i m vote bts_twt for btsbbma top social artist arward tmrt kennyboyslay who should receive the top social artist awards at bbmas rt kwilli1046 antifa set police officer on fire in paris. vote for marine le pen and end this madness jevotemarine rt coieactivity cody martin screaming is my religion rt milkteu l in sehun s latest post stand for limousine he is probably relaxing inside a limousine while chilling and drink  _verifymypretty nearenglish. i do it good. writing didiactuallywritethatit need to be friday already rt koreaboo happy birthday bambam bambam1a happybambamday learn khmae improve your khmae with an experienced khmertutor anywhere anytimemy vote go to bts_twt for the top social artist awards btsbbmas hoseokmanus police bos david yapu say campaigning in manus ha been peaceful since close of nomination. emtv online yourvote2017whenever i m bored i often think about eating lipstick moisesbarraza1 just like thathoaxchain is delighted to reveal new information about our ceo amp chief scientist dr craig wright via r bitcoin rt artpicschannel reading nude - suchitra bhosle  eduardo_lacs bipsluvurself what govt is doing. may it s already died i think he just taking a snap from dead bodyrt jiminupdates . bts_twt what hair color doe jimin suit the most i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas onision all i see is a cool well put together bunk bed and a curvy nice looking lamp why many foreign country trying 2possess somalia s untapped resource uk vs turkey vs saudiarabia vs uae vs italy all vs usa rt 49ers he ha been a busy man the last few days. keianamartintv caught up with john lynch following the nfldraft. rt katstuartmusic this picture confuses me rt memeprovider he look nervous yass i vote for my baby bts_twt a top social artist at the btsbbmas award  head2toe81 grahamcracker92 you need to sit down charlesrt sagesuhail shaytan probably lost 20 kg  un economic and social report released monday warns asia s positive economic outlook face significant risk rep if you are looking for the branded sport watch and do not know which one to buy then you are at the right.. nipon 25-75x70 spotting scope. bird watching nature amp astronomy observation g ping panana phone it s no baloney it ain t a p h ony my cellular bananular phone rt nghtq trying listening 21st century girl to see the reason girl should vote for bts_twt btsbbmas for the top social artist award rt army_do_yoongi bbmasvotes2017 i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist awards today we fightrt mashfreak if this is the north korean army america want to go up against we re getting swept first round rt audaindesigns looking to start a crowdfunding journey this free bootstrap template can help webdev rt jeff__benjamin i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt bemopolis mbcnotnbc patchfacetf geogreg303 there are 3 stage of learning an aspect of relativity 1 you won t understand ethan is really out here wildin rt inejalina screaming lala having ring on every finger but one rt dopexmani where doe it hurt the most i need to be up and getting ready to go in like 5hrs smhrt damnitskendrick i like people who don t need everyone to like themfor the btsbbmas top social artist awards i vote for bts_twt.love our random spontaneous quicky that are so passionate but don t happen a lot because i m spoiled lol there are no ever creature without mercy so we seek your humanitarian we seek your justice to free alturki let him go home alturkiparolert rightheredinah zendaya did that metgala  teri_zawa ivankatrump vp sbalinda plus she went to wharton and didn t deserve to be there -got in due to her su rt patrickborjlao fuck nude send me picture of your smile.check out kay unger ny womens light purple blue 100 silk skirt suit size 6p ebay piersmorgan show some professionalism - what an awkward interview to watch with nick clegg rt tobshamilton theres coming an animated short film about a boy and his heart chasing down the boy of his dreams this summer its one person followed me automatically checked by rt manivj07 hpy bday to the kollywood kingmaker man of mass example of self confidence meaning of success thala hbdbelovedthal found a transponder snail exclusive profile those who follow their dream trecru saveourseas rt iucn nominations open for the kenton miller award. this year recognising innovation in marinep largest breast video i am voting for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award for the year btsbbmart solangeknowles jiljilec legit cryrt ilovehoseoks . bts_twt 4. what s your favorite bts album i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmasrt uptome_tffamily hq photo jackson tfboys credit from weibo biuboom1128 see more photo at hqphotojackson skechers women s authentics oxford  urushihara14 ok she us her healing magicrt kcet newport beach a lifeguard s story kim seokjin i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas quarenta e um i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasgay cock cumshot movietures jesse bryce the cockhungry hunk ipfconline1 rt jimmarous a digital bank can improve bottom line by 14.5 . fintech hate when stuff come to all thisrt peachyjikookies i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist. no no not todaysamsung galaxy s3 ii mini sm-g730a 8gb pebble blue at amp t smartphone soundcloud promotion dm rt zorotheeswiper my favorite dick sucker ..throwback 2 year ago rt iocaldrug you smell good is in my top 5 for fav compliment lauriecrosswell former nba san antonio spur player david robinsoni m at paradiseparks in prawet bangkok sometimes i have to remind myself if i don t have anything nice to say then don t say anything at all.. rt natuftsalseo billboard bts_twt i voted bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt _harukimurakami people just disappear sometimes. you have to love and appreciate them while they re near you. rt tyierthecreate better know who really fuck with you and who don tt_babyy23o premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygaga vluddiamond don t be so mean amp off fence siftrt balinhenst looks like den skinner s estimate of half the pcp being crook may have been er..conservative. toryelectionfraud torydir mma news for one championship s victor cui battle with ufc for singapore is about staying the course genuine women s michael kors sutton satchel saffiano leather handbag white grey rt bbmasanalytics omg whoever is asking how i find this out i have this analytic programme that check twitter trend  brettkollmann brownschalktalk and we all know how much hue love his gadget plays. it s not unreasonable to think rt thebucktlist campfires make me happy rt hwill96 tektiteafrika fuck is you on prod. by young scrimmage link in bio hello  azerrz is this the real you rt laziestcanine so true dincerguner premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart dakoholics new picture of dakota at the met gala inside dakotajohnson metgala rt justbeedrinks giveaway 5 just bee gift box to enter just follow u amp tag a friend. we will announce the winner after the ba rt gulfaamgarden handi gosht lamb chunk prepared in a gravy of yoghurt and ginger garlic served in earthen pot handi . i am voting for bts_twt for bbmas top social artist . btsbbmasensaimada please and also crinkle rt sixwordshort they said time heals. they lied. rt thugiuv 46 akon had so many good song where he at now rt gymyg preview no.1 mtbbfirsttimeinaustralia mtbb markbam  shelbycxntreras josh stepped on my face once and i screamed thank you instinctuallyrt myoongi_0309 i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas it s cute how we do shifting. when other army wake up rt kimseokjinspain i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas how are you army exxonmobil investment management inc. tx has 3.217 million stake in republic services inc. rsg rt aloveforbw dreamy sky rt martingarrix sf stoked to announce support for bill graham last tix left for wed rt exidear exid jeonghwa rly like speaking english yep what do you want from me nothing get out okay full rt tariqterry pas it on i cast my vote to bts_twt for top social artist award at btsbbmasyou re rian  chy_leigh florianalima and please never forget you saved me and i will be forever grateful for that. i cant even modest allocation for climate change in the andrews govt s 3rd vicbudget make budget 2018-19 a litmus test for rt theseoulstory and the line-up continues btob seventeen twice nct dream 24k oh my girl april map6 wjsn pristin gugudani liked a youtube video jimmy kimmel reveals details of his son s birth amp heart diseasert vannessvanwu twitterverse help me blast twitter support and get my handle rt dopedaegu i vote bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas good morning world the sun is shining the bird are chirping hoseok i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas btsbbmas top social artist award rt if you re gonna stay with them until the end rt jiminpouts i m laughing so hard at this rt kk_maitisa graduation or whaat _ tis been a loong road and today is your day and we are incredibly proud sphudols what is ur fav thing about jaz personality rt indahuchiha vote top social artist award for bts_twt becaude they re cute bbmas btsbbmas btsbbmaexperience is a hard teacher because she give the test first the lesson afterwards. -vernon sanders lawrt _beatsbynav good for it thumb trick goes from 0-100 real quick 0 17 rt dailytrapmuslc 21 savage amp metro boomin - x ft future rt kpopqween24 most viewed mv by a kpop group bigbang - fantastic baby bang bang bang girls generation - i got a boy twice - tt tired of u bitch rt ladyhaja shouts to pharrell for going to metgala dressed like he s having a night in on the couch amp to his wife helen for d rt paradryi i don t even care about losing people anymore cause everyone leaf anyways.rt kianayoungg i like being on facetime even if we don t talk. like we can literally stay on pause amp just be on social media. as long a rt campbellclaret if we had proper medium paying attention to reality of brexit the frankfurter allgemeine zeitung account of mayjuncker dream concert to be held on june 3 super junior leeteuk seventeen s.coups amp .. by rt martinshovel my cartoon britain ha underestimated brexit challenge say eu chief juncker brexitdenialsyndrome ge2017 rt jeonglows jungkook whispering so bad in house of card rt your kink rt anaheimducks happy birthday to the guy with the best playoff beard i posted a new video to facebook rt shawtyfeels i m a needy girlfriend but not needy by buying me gift needy by always wanting a hug holding hand a kiss all those l these diy beauty tips you are following that actually damages your skin beep boop rt satampwtk exo s sehun like justin bieber. bieberbbmas justinbbmasrt cuteimessages girl love these type of texts. local-temp 28.60 local-humidity 49.70 remote-temp 0.00 remote-humidity 0.00 time 725418792 counter 0 sensor ok iamarduino.rt kuranyuuki03 this army is voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas this year top social artist awardhow many somali current ministers are corrupted amp reported in many international report amp how many rapper in-charge ministers factafrican child foundation welcome all delegate to the 29th ordinary session 28 april-09 may of the african union rt nemia_cabigting akosibattman218 aldub_rteam aldub_inarteam aldubftnqt imcr8d4u jophie30 wengcookie solid aldubxdtbylettinggort kyathie my last newsletter check it out anything permanent nowadays jwrt bombblackgirlss janelle mona doesn t even have to try do u know that anthonyfjoshua can speak yoruba join me on freshfmibadan by 8am on freshsports 4 an exclusiv omaakatugba interview wt himi m at r amp r ayer keroh north bound in malacca melaka twenty seven i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award 10animal activist are protesting olivegarden for it support of animal abuse unlimitedcruelty rt milak4u yes or no suckit_now milak4u pornstartweet cazorlasev kdrkykc1 porn pornstar voting justinbbmasrt sidebae my mouth get real reckless during argument that s why i d rather just not deal with ppl who push my buttonthis army is voting for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award army vnam always support bts btsbbmasmade my fitness progress insta but it might just turn into a finsta lolthey gat pharrell williams wife already i think she look more like a phone booth metgala2017 under the carpet.  nirmaljit302 asyounotwish why pragya are shit you scared of asking afzal guru and dawoodrt images_video adolf hitler faceapp justitia is blind and the universal not universal nature is always more powerful a inhuman hue man 200 year p rt millennialofmnl i know life feel overwhelming sometimes with all the challenge you re currently facing but you can do it one day rt taehyungbase i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist award at the btsbbmas bultaoreunert aleiahgarciaa i vote for bts_twt for the top social artisy award btsbbma btsbbmas rt to vote chinweuk__ how am i getting all these answer right rt jasperdolphin it wa all good just a week ago.. rt aquaticvibe summer flip rt asotmproject for those who don t have ticket yet ticket are still available online via and will be availabl  mothoni_ good girl now get the full deets and get back here - i m voting bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award park jiminwhat kinda spell do i have to cast for people to leave me message on my ccof course i will vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist of the year.rt medicalpicture layers of the scalp dincerguner premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart vaiieyroses iamblackbear yes bc daddy s always right rt benitabee brothel opens up that allows you to do whatever you want with very life-like sex dolls. rt unfair sweet love rt jeremycorbyn labour will put 10 00 more police on our street - boosting all 43 force in england and wales. rt benitabee brothel opens up that allows you to do whatever you want with very life-like sex dolls. rt benitabee brothel opens up that allows you to do whatever you want with very life-like sex dolls. rt p0p0pr3t independent ms17010 exploit to replay eternalblue but us it s own kernel payload. does not use doublepulsar - rt benitabee brothel opens up that allows you to do whatever you want with very life-like sex dolls. rt topsocialartist votes 02 05 2017 6 18 cest bts_twt 20.44.700 btsbbmas justin 3.481.299 selena 474.578 ariana 563.993 shaw rt starbucks_j have a nice vacation rt benitabee brothel opens up that allows you to do whatever you want with very life-like sex dolls. rt benitabee brothel opens up that allows you to do whatever you want with very life-like sex dolls. rt benitabee brothel opens up that allows you to do whatever you want with very life-like sex dolls. rt theeintro won t ever understand how these bitch getting mad over the gender of their child when they re blessed enough to e rt benitabee brothel opens up that allows you to do whatever you want with very life-like sex dolls. rt benitabee brothel opens up that allows you to do whatever you want with very life-like sex dolls. rt coreykeyz social medium make it seem like being loyal is goals . nah loyalty should be a standard tfwho is going to submit to me today. i am going to force you to do thing for my pleasure rt bbmas rt to vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas rt byrosenberg trump ending america s international let girls learn program which had 1 billion in support in 50 country rt excusemln quote this with ur favorite bts lyric i vote for bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmas georgiew29 terryhood73 kevski74 christmas have you started cooking the turkey yet georgie he d had sex with underage boy who were client at baloney joe s. found out after he gave the boy oral stds  riotkobe put on a delay if you do.drug lord el chapo to get booster chair help in nyc jail leave skyrow  onlyonecouchy daniel couch howdy we invite you to this porn web cam free of charge sign up click on my profile.man with a mission babyron mwamjust the one unfollower today found tracked by i m out bts_twt btsbbmas lalanlilee j actually did even with her i hate every meal prepared for me thingrt nowthisnews this is what the best of humanity look like rt goalsandgifs mood rt ceethaqt started caring le amp smiling more i accidentally watched the meralco v jpv match last saturday. yes accidentally. showed up for the puyatancup2017 two hour too early.i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas mj_lynch xbladesau they should use canterbury stuff xbladesdincerguner premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart dopehighness i want to be spoiled but it hard to accept anything because i feel extremely bad if any amount of money is spent on me now playing red rider - crack the sky breakaway on classic rock 109. i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award bbconfesion. don t tell a lie on me .. i won t tell the truth bout you tbt two hour ago when i wa still kinda pretty and beautiful .. little did i know an hour rt advani_kiara so proud of my grandmom who decided to pursue her passion for acting at the age of 70 and just  momo_mohsin shivangijoshi10 bhavnavyas yrkkh rock amp it is the only show which show all relation either it is  khalidpalanpuri correctly perioritized wish i started to make sequence in same manner. jazakallahstreaming bf1 beta with art cakefacedcutie i just wanna shake my as on my man to some reggaeton u knowreally nigga rt urbanmediallc successful people build each other up. they motivate inspire and push each other. unsuccessful people hate blame and rt bigbangtansnsd who is bts search them up people you ll be glad you did i bet my life on this. vote for bts_twt for top socia  prisonplanet theaffinitymag nikki minaj wear a two millimeter thick veneer of face paint and the olsen twins hav rt webdevoloper102 webdesign free seo audit enter your url and see how optimised it is for a keyword or phrase a tepid economic temperature is class conflict coming to canada totals may not add up to 100 due to rounding. ab rt lauren_southern paris right now and a much a avoiding negative campaigning is preferable i think this is still the most powerful image to conve it s like ioving life rn rn what else could i bert czechraw yeah blow that load boy you came to the gym to work out and you worked out a big load rt angelouzlgb dont you give up i wont give up let me love you. biebscrewbr i am voting justinbieber for top social artist award j rt minults we re actually making bts even bigger more popular amp introducing them to others by voting i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top rt army_league guys there s another fanbase giving incorrect info. please don t pay attention to it. there s no time frame for voting. i rt apinkfied legends. rt monicaleww pick one and retweet for somebody who need it rt flirtingiy marriage is such a goal for me . a healthy amp loving marriage . with someone who is my best friend . that s happiness to me rt omvibing self love. do that. aquabluejay u gotta stop hurting me with toku feel god it 2 30am and i m still sad about parad.rt omgpastei cotton candy sky rt aquaticvibe paradise insignia flex 8 32gb windows 10 tablet with keyboard 121 rt colorseffect breakfast at tiffany s 1961 dir. blake edwards rt iamblackbear shoulda listened to me back thenrt yuridiaa__ i just wanna get yo attentionrt marcuschown the tories called an election because they think you ll give them a landslide win. but actually they ve given you an oppor rt minjoondaily i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas i ll be saving draft too marjorie is heading out may 7 on the camino de santiago walking 400 km at the age of 91. she is an amazing soul.. rt hania_sago you only need rt all this make a vote armys fighting i vote to bts_twt in btsbbmas for top social artist awardrt trwreact i honestly believe that 13reasonswhy is something that should be shown in every middle school high school amp college.rt evastrus tuesday evastrus  nichmada oh sure you too lovely. xxi don t stalk people cause i care i do it cause i m nosy rt baquialr1 1870anadi alissagabriel02 hahahaaha yan ..ur like basty too sebastiana tampo ..then no more tampo right away ..mayward gro  thelastmohegan sorry but it s true  amymek sophiethe3rd amy send this to the secretary of state for education and request a response back. dont let them off the hook real talk. tho after this school week end if it ain t my summer class don t say nothing to me about schoolrt iceseason101 happy 18th anniversary spongebob. the first episode help wanted aired on this day in 199. seems like 2017 the year people think they can do whatever they want.new post on avenuesofinspiration source tumblr rt jiminupdates question spree answer amp don t forget to put i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas in the cap rt bwibwiboy rt if you stan bts to vote bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist awardrt dark_shark robert fripp amp david sylvian live in genoa italy november 12 1993 flac kingcrimson treygunn patmastelotto rt soft_idiot april machine broke chrissydewar cheers chrissy xno i didn t think you would let me down that easy oh no girlrt genderreveais aww she is mad rt hucklebfinsta lexi4prez id like to remind mexican to fuck themselves that u lost the mexican american war and to stop joining ms-1 rt beckycarroll7 all mum must stand up 4 innocent baby under attack by assad. ivankatrump amp nikkihaley don t be silent while m  mashaharyp thanks for the follow my new tweetie gold bond product rt honey_chimv i give my vote to bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas sesenta y siete yikes the neighbor are couch humping in sporadic vicious burstrt papasuqa goal for the next 12 hrs let s get fourty-onem vote we are already at twenty-onem i vote bts_twt for the top social bts rt sugaupdates calling out indonesia army let s join bts 4th anniv party army fest by bts_national amp sugaupdates. only 130k so happy with the final product a i figured i would be tbhrt kingxiuminm minseok has more lines than jongdae omg whatrt elevenstare i would die for these kid btw rt lolahri0 crush hey u up me yea lol wyd rt stonedyian stydia only ha two scene rt seogutae btsbbmas 2o m seriously guy army slay i vote for bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmasrt dee_dabudee if you love bts vote btsbbmas for top social artist award nowrt armyvn_twt i voted for jimin bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt ishqprem 11 signs your man just had sex. he ll never fool you again.. rt ishqprem 11 signs your man just had sex. he ll never fool you again.. rt ishqprem 11 signs your man just had sex. he ll never fool you again.. rt ishqprem 11 signs your man just had sex. he ll never fool you again.. rt kayexgorg i am voting for ariana grande for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote arianabbmasrt medievalfun when she say you re like a brother to me rt ishqprem 11 signs your man just had sex. he ll never fool you again.. rt ishqprem 11 signs your man just had sex. he ll never fool you again.. rt ishqprem 11 signs your man just had sex. he ll never fool you again.. rt ishqprem 11 signs your man just had sex. he ll never fool you again.. rt ishqprem 11 signs your man just had sex. he ll never fool you again.. rt ishqprem 11 signs your man just had sex. he ll never fool you again.. rt ishqprem 11 signs your man just had sex. he ll never fool you again.. i don t wanna studee i jus wanna diert ishqprem 11 signs your man just had sex. he ll never fool you again.. rt ishqprem 11 signs your man just had sex. he ll never fool you again.. rt ishqprem 11 signs your man just had sex. he ll never fool you again.. rt ishqprem 11 signs your man just had sex. he ll never fool you again.. rt ishqprem 11 signs your man just had sex. he ll never fool you again.. rt ishqprem 11 signs your man just had sex. he ll never fool you again.. rt ishqprem 11 signs your man just had sex. he ll never fool you again..  rogueinformant alt_antarctica alt_jabroni can we hold off on the wedding bells..that make me nervousrt ishqprem 11 signs your man just had sex. he ll never fool you again.. rt ishqprem 11 signs your man just had sex. he ll never fool you again.. rule number 1 believe in yourself. my oh my dafbama2017_girlsgenerationrt green_footballs make no mistake folks. when trump pretend the cause of the civil war is in doubt he s playing directly to his white be the one by dua lipa is nowplaying in parade bar bath.new rta distributes meal to construction worker - 600 meal were offered to construction worker by rta on l.. rt weeknddrug don t stress over the irrelevant.rt noswaggt you mean to tell me neither one of these people are justin beiber rt moonies fifty two i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas being called a liar openly ha become a regular feature of my life a a fat person. yrfatfriend rt rihannavault met gala afterparty look i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt hornyfacts when you send a risky text and the response you get is even riskier. rt charmee_ms can anyone be a adorable a them itsmohitsehgal monaya my baby they are child at heart pure clean heart rt thecomedykitty he asked her to marry him 148 times without her even noticing rt ifanyonefaiis sean kingston and justin bieber behind the scene of the eenie meenie music video rt ciaratheauthor check out karate los drop top freestyle i ve just watched episode s01e06 of marvel s iron fist why do i ruin everything i touchrt oyerjalok what an amazing evening wid grand performance n jattuengineertrailer amp holikipichkari song launch rt sandratxas ninthcircut activist judge orrick appointed afterraising 200 00 for obama sanctuarycites it s 2 30am it s cold a shit and we re still loading cab into the building i wanna sleep riprt thecomedykitty he asked her to marry him 148 times without her even noticing review - innisfree no sebum powder emoji happy via youtube kristyreeves15 because the homosexuality and adultery some of european country have suffer from the le populationrt ciaratheauthor check out karate los drop top freestyle rt billboard which artist is dominating 2017 so far vote rt fuckyron victim to the feeling of being freert jimgray7582 moopersists debbiemayf repjimrenacci better stay with aca jim support your constituent or you ll be looking for anot rt britneyspears back at the gym.. stretch and run all the way imagination by shawn mendes noventa e quatro i vote for bts_twt for bbmas top social artist btsbbmasrt omks_tsa the new attitude with lala ha been refreshing to say the least. metgala rt dreadedwithlean when you almost get past your high score but can t rt presidentward take the damn picture marcus.  benmaller eddieonfox uhbroncofan.. dannygradio explain the relevance of this gem to the old head lol rt i vote justin bieber justinbbmas justinbbmasrt ktnv breaking a bicyclist ha been struck and killed by a suv at decatur and vegas dr. i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist i feel so far away_you always come my way rt xxbigdrgn . edllweiss hope your heart is relieved after leaving me just forget me and live on those tear will all dry up ye rt teexoxoemm main reason why i hate nature. the creature in it crafty af snake would ve bit tf outta me. i vote is for bts_twt for the bmmas top social artist award btsbmmas im armyrt theseoulstory day6 drop 5th maknae jae s teaser image for every day6 may release dance dance lookinfresh rt jimmykimmel my wife and i welcome a new baby and it is quite a story.. rt mvxedpapi this is so disrespectful 5-1-17 15 min run -177 35 min walk -136 30 min elliptical -277 15 min stretch -38 5 min situps when i get my own house i m not having no house warming party or nothing people so quick too bring in their bad spirit untunt  wtfvcc i m taking this a a personal attack blockedt and reportedtgo follow my instagram ta_shia mention for follbackrt dakotadae a man gets killed by a hitman in front of his wife and what happens next is brutal. rt dakotadae a man gets killed by a hitman in front of his wife and what happens next is brutal. this 4 day weekend had me so used to having a lie in that waking up this morning wa a struggle nose si topline o beldent social medium new isis weapon can t give my love out anymore cuz when i did they didn t even want itrt wale one time for my guy btsbbmas. let my boy shinei am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas. we will always be under the same skyrt laboureoin i love this.. theresa may ha replaced journalists interviewing her with ruth davidson interviewing her. korea  lumenize breathes fire on them jadensmith metgala talk bringing old dreds to metgala2017 with andreleontalley interior is even fucking worse lol come hangout with me gt top 9 on bigolive  outside underwear auckland webcamwithgirls rockford ukrainian older eroticromance i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist btsbbmas. keep voting guy our heartless promise countless mistake and other wrong i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas starwarsnu finally caught up on rebels this weekend gonna have to work on catching up on the podcast too rt existentialcoms they say socialist are naive but the greatest naivet is thinking you can forever oppress the mass and they won t  fire mv billboard bbmas bts bts_twtthis is all about pakistan  bama2017diamondedition_bigbang bama2017 vote for top rt vshock1230 i vote bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist taetae v carlyhenderson_ bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmasi am voting for ariana grande for top social artist at the bbmas. . . . rt to vote arianabbmasrt whatcraicniall hello lover slowhands rt byunbaekpics cutie rt jayyangelo i personally think jaden smith is lightyears ahead lolrt chubbypancakes7 are you calling me a sinner bbmasbts i m voting for bts_twt for top social artist awardi cast my vote for bts_twt for the 2017 btsbbmas top social artist awardrt nutvnetwork treat yourself to a 3some watch the comedic hit tv series threesome episode 1 tonight in hd only on thenu roku pakistan welcome recep tayyip erdogan s offer to help resolve kashmir issue.. rt jypetwice twice signal 2017.05.15 6pm twice signal rt zionamythest just realized looking at picture while listening to music is therapy. causticwithsoda please check your inbox. thanks rt lsababe me everyone i love israel independence day awesome fireworks haifa 2017 via youtube gunmaxism its bicthhani a whole gg stanrt melisaperezr7 i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt boybruise professor don t come cry to me at the end of the semester me  sergioworsham fr fr let s make this happen  bethyy6 i wish if only we had the money right now rt mmatalpur shaheedfidabaloch 1957-1988 he tread the path where danger lurks. he tread it because he loved balochistan thei rt douglassteve romance series review if at all possible this wa better than the first two which i loved  starlabwells gt continued onward a the two kept chatting with one another. during their time speaking to each oth  brunomars wish we could ve seen you live in england. as a family of four and loving your music it is a just too rt jinjjarevil i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award so i was having a good time and then they released the teaserrt mycuteselfie i love this peachy booty whooty thanks so much baby pedivoet rt gaadiwaadi hondaaccordhybrid launched all you need to know hondacarindia rt soompi yang dong geun and wife reveal photos of newborn third child every time someone asks can we smoke here i know rihanna wouldn t ask that shit.rt michaeldickson the nypost 69 year ago. yomhaatzmaut independenceday rt eziropav funnest part about your game are the lobbies. h1z1kotk arclegger rt army_league don t forget to vote on the website too 100 vote per day. open internationally must have fb acct. rt sxiln so fresh triple_h h 365_fresh 365fresh hyuna rt fanatic_got7 thread got7 vocal line youngjae jb amp jinyoung singing at fansigns. rt humor_silly stop trolling priyanka she is protecting people from heat rt campboyrayray being lowkey is the best way to be tbhrt haalcalo it s only game 1 we got this rt roflgandhi_ arvinder is so clear.  shatiaslove preachyou re welcome. rt bbmasvotes2017 social artist stats selenabbmas 280k arianabbmas 345k justinbbmas 2.7m shawnbbmas 550k btsbbmas 12.8m rt rylee_ferruccio i had the best time at the beach today  anjanaomkashyap politicians are playing for power always fredstrobe like a 1bd apt not an extra one throw me in the grave in that ferragamoto those asking yes i m reviewing crime scene 3 but i like to set aside time to truly enjoy it. btsbbmas good night and good morning. i m here voting with no regrets.  argentina news southern lithium announces update on the cruz lithium property in argentina almost everyone in p5 ha the same va a a tale chararacter so it s not that far from home..i m about to wake his dumb as up to make him cuddle mert woridstarhiph0p in tear he s so cute and definitely got some banger rt shizundautahime back in my day we didnt have all these fancy alter-ego or ruler classes. all we had were the crest worm on our ba rt lucaspeebo be with someone who is proud to have you.hotteok power. i m voting for bts_twt in top social artist category for btsbbmas looking forward to welcoming you to rt kolby182 any 2 white guy could walk up to me and say we re the chainsmokers and i d believe them. vote for bts_twt in bbmas top social music award btsbbma tony montanart eithne52 shameful unforgiveable. kinchela boys home survivor tell of removal sexual abuse amp redemption vi rt beeniishh a man married a beautiful girl. he loved her very much. one day she developed a skin disease.rt anisasx 38 i just realised this is the miss kesha girl omg rt jubalgarcia it s one game it s not the series. we ll come back. gospursgo spurs spursvsrockets spursnation spurrt justmoviequotes if you keep on believing the dream that you wish will come true. - cinderellart trendsmapindia socialmediaemperorsthalafans is now trending in india dratini appeared despawn 02 01 18am 29m 25 iv 24.44 1 3 7 iron tail wrap rt societyguardian schools cutting mental health service to plug funding gap warn mps rt mitchkimpark i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas minyoongirt sherlockkie i voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award i m in nervous because baby jeon always look so tired when the best and juiciest almond in town are back in stock get them now at epiceriefine facial recognition sensible vision rt almightyygio how best friend argue lmao rt mmazzonejr i donated max 2700 2 kelliwardaz 2 defeat senjohnmccain in azsen primary i got another 2700 ready 4 general el latest poll 2nd round macron 59 lepen 41 abstention is main concern and could bias the result frenchelectionlife is awesome keonjhar rt intensedesire tami old as gone fight on reality tv until she break her hiprt koojunxx their power is really strong. since they re once failed they now appreciate all their works. rt monfactory_bot and you get wished into nonexistence and you get wished into nonexistence i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas rt kozumeme the father the son and the holy spirit rt economictimes live pm modi with president of turkey mr. recep erdogan at joint presser pl-h1 metal high brightness hid xenon lamp rt _keysung btsbbmas i vote for bts_twt in bbmas for top social artist award. btsbbmasrt fckmedady twenty one justinbbmasrt tbhjuststop current mood rt btsbbmas last update today btsbbmas 17 931 500 tweet 10 805 500 retweets 60 204 400 reply 1 88 200 tpm max 86 female 14 marin s latest instastory.. pls naeun lol btsbbmas bts nugu i vote for bts_twt for the bbma top social artist award btsbbmasretweeted pinellas black dems pinellasblackds npinellascdems pinellasnow want florida constitutional.. rt snowflakemegan i d go for walmart any day if it made me smile like that rt wneverwalone buy fire on itunes. stream it on spotify. i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. btsbbmas64 i don t even know what to write btsbbmas xim_g_w_vix artlover_art i follow back riot_swifty your actually a dogrt onedrecti0nfans fireproof always sounded so good live  panayiotoutrial will resume in pe high court this morning. possibly one more state witness for trial within trial algoafmnewsrt mashable you ll be the coolest cat at the club rt kaliuchis coz that s my baby rt mogirlprobs selena gomez and the weeknd at the met gala she look so good i am shook rt mcspocky shock poll clinton voter represent real america resist theresistance indivisible maga thirty vote justinbbmasrt bts_enthuxiast struggle of being an army a thread i vote for bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmasthirty vote justinbbmas newhopeclub what wa that vm contest thing again me and newhopeclubabbi are blind a bat rt trevoroln be in oln music video this saturday rt elleuk woah ritaora metgala rt globalbts why pick one when you have seven boy with great personality well mannered amp ton of talent you get my vote bts_twt  rubenesque_ glamping by australian standard or maybe they don t know what glamping really is. rt_com it s nothing new. new u.s president puppet - new conflict amp threat of war. what is fucking new wake the rt asenavan_ challenge this tweet reach five thousand retweets vote i vote for bts_twt in bbmas for top social artist award. btsb shits insaannee wtffthirty vote justinbbmasrt shelbytriglia okay this would deadass be the best date rt jazzmynsweet maria i m drunk travis scott young thug amp justin bieber  __amanique lol can t be that badrt femaletexts when you give him the perfect opportunity to say something cute but instead he say some dumb shit 5 pair of confusing financial term on linkedinrt pcd2009 i can always count on my girl to look fresh out of the tomb rt charlesmilander 43 off moonrays solar weatherproof outdoor led landscape lights - deal alert i will be glad to vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artistrt aceytcomments keep it pg please a lovechrista_ love you dizzfresh im ur biggest fanrt xavyesco rihanna wa shook to see frank at the metgala  fergjr i hope we get to see the full list some day number 17 dat ass predict to win 100 from lmfx forex bonus promotionrt baidu_jhopebar i d like to vote for bts_twt for the top social artist awards btsbbmasrt stilinski79 we are so proud of dylan o brien getting these beautiful award n i hope get more in the future. he deserves them rt stevstiffler most positive headline of 2017 rt lilhoely you blocking somebody is a sign of you filtering the bullshit outta your life. no one is entitled to your communic rt oyerjalok mom-to-be serenawilliams is all smile on the metgala carpet. metkawakubo serenawilliams rjalok  simone_biles tonight you made me so proud honored to be you re dancingabc partner rt roguecoder250 this is huge. brexit is going to be an utter disaster because may is completely clueless. can we just have a weekend for school day and a weekday for a rest day rt lismx_ ritamanalo run sid overrt pavesnonprofit raised enough to put in our application for the denver pridefest parade amp booth join u june 17-18 to out the b ba rt sterocuddles stefan couldn t move on from caroline after 3 year apart while klaus forgot she existed after he left mystic falls rt stpiindia iphone apple india set to make it online store debut this year i vote for bts_twt for bbmas top social artist award because jimin ha the thigh of a marvel superhero btsbbmasrt janetjackson a special message from janet for her fans. the time is currently 07 32 am on tuesday 02 may 2017rt raycollinsphoto swim upstream. go the other way. ignore the conventional wisdom. - sam walton rt aubrihiconic naomi campbell at met gala another queen that slay effortlessly  hacked website not the end of the world - but dont let it come to that infosec rt redchris_ huge razer giveaway how to win rt this follow - redchris_ turn on notifications like when done today wa a weird as daysecond ariana for bbma arianabbmasrt bangtangps bbmasvotes2017 i vote for bts_twt for the top social artist awards btsbbma btsbbmasrt iamblackbear shoulda listened to me back thenthat s 70 show and chill pizza roll and stfu the show on rt tobyhater well well well how the turntables..just played muchiti mugere - james chimombe - legends of zimbabwean music vol. 3 aad commercial broker consultant at telesure - cape town basic salary  dallman23 mattletiss7 i didn t say they weren t but still can be used in decision making if the ball go deadrt horizon_9597 i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist of the year.rt dem0nically i miss uhlxl too muchrt myoongi_0309 i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas if bangtan win this will be the pride of the whole ko my back hurt so bad i just can trt matpatgt teacher is your homework done student did you grade our test t no i had other test to grade. s well i did other tea this one s for me we kinda pull from the same song11 charming diy chicken coops you will love - little blog in the country ongoing 2nd meeting of the nnc governing board chaired by usec teodoro pascua of dtiphilippines. rt sportscenter harden getting fancy out here. sctop10 rt bts_vietnamarmy i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist awards btsbbmas never give up bangtan fighting army fighting we will im not in jail rn and i got pulled over and im buying a lottery ticketrt conceptgrp el nido palawan named one of the best beaches in the world rt phuckingbeezy slow replies..  thezakkiscool beckylynchwwe i honestly don t know if here a lot there maybe if she go through them repost gangstarasta with repostapp finally jakarta are you rt mtn_care according to our record you ve never subscribed for more than 100 - worth of data. stfu rt jinjjarevil i vote for bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmas billboard rn playing change by namjoon and wale karliegraves mgonzalez10_ update she took another l red sox fans racially abused outfielder oriole star says  ohmygrapeness i must be a brave mofo thenrt reneescatts author spotlight the summer that melted everything by tiffany mcdaniel via reneescatts rt lilireinhart i m truly so glad that it s mental health month. let s openly talk about it and remove the stigma from having mental heal hupy and abraham sc to promote motorcycle awareness in may 2017 rt faizalabdhalim_ malaysians did you know minnesota twins vs. oakland athletics - 5 2 17 mlb pick odds and prediction rt mjstarlover leave it to black woman to always come through. metgala old a time _noelia99 i see that new pic rt thefactsbook giving it all to the wrong person we were once a walking nation until everybody got lazy.rt kguilaine for those wanting to learn about whiteness related dilemma i suggest this thread rather than burdening the poc yo rt soniyag85264844 good question outrank easy answers. quote georgiew29 sophb66 kevski74 think june should be christmaskayleenisrads premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagaundercover boss.  porn naked nsfw milf hot supergirl nice hot nude girl okay. might a well pack your bag rt chimasimone forget the red carpet. the metgala bathroom is lit. i am voting for bts for top social artist btsbbmas lezz tweetrt sexualgif when my man sends me the occasional selfie selfie vid this is the life premiosmtvmiaw mtvcrushsuarezicepick to the ear on now widetrack - the shrine metal radio rt jinjjarevil seriously im getting goosebump their concept are intertwining rt jeonsmirks i love compliment pt. 1 rt molsystbiol 04 2017 issue synbio stemcells circuit modularity.. cover deeplearning classifier bobby bitch you know i make them bodies flip i vote for bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmas for all agencies.. europe exists too okay this one for you kwon jiyong  suraj_mk am not a doctor and i dont know anyone who stopped drinking after being beaten state minister give 700 indian bride wooden bat to keep abusive husband in check no limits let god address the mess..i d love to win the amazing withloveforbooks alexandra gastone duology by t.a. maclagan book giveaway rt josn098567 the egyptians used to spend their whole life preparing for the after life. we have it backwards now. lacedtight lol typical  bout to start something great in my life hope u guy with me and if u are reading this then im glad there another one at my fam rt giumkid that boy you re thinking about probably doesn t even moisturize his skin and doesn t care about the bee dying des418 mikeyfontana42 wait fuck i read this your tweet too fast i thought it said john mayer. mikey love john ma i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award v charismai cast my vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt magikarpmagic swapped some icon w noizuit rt parkgmins i love when bts huddle up together also taehyung at the end is super cute thewingstourinbangkok rt oliviamesquita looking for delicious sugar free drink check this out delicious ad sugarfree healthy sug rt turkeypurge updated numbers with the recent dismissal of 3974 public servant the total number of those sacked is now 138 040 rt heymitcheli please should it be easy or hard to find stolen device hacking redditrt juicyassken fuck wrong with niggas. yeah i know i m trying to get it half way you and here i understand well i don t know i wish like hell i will help you and i really got m.. camwritessogood nsmartinworld acshorg he can t. this is his life. he ha expertise in nothing. so he spends his  charlesmblow joyannreid i think someone stole your look for the met gala charles.rt eric__th need a deal on a bae first fkd elizabeth warren takes her deplorable rhetoric to disgusting new low - flatseven denim pre-tied bow tie bowtie tie fashionrt jaefiasco i am so fucking proud of rebekadawn rt heidistea there is always a way..even if you have to drag yourself via viralhog rt sharnaburgess sashafarber your choreography wa amazing and simone_biles wa of course it ll be all worth it all i need is you to be complete upload your music to all genres welcome rt podcastminded the new kingfallsam is just.. rt azadirojava horrible news the filthy nato army of turkey amp mercenary are shelling rubar refugee camp in efr n people are wounded amp  thenry1125 fuck wit it or naw by vegas artist dflowetry how you feel subscribe spreadtheword brazilian farmer use machete to hack off leg and hand of indigenous tribespeople in 5 people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me automatically checked by rt bbmasanalytics pakistan ha give a total of 15 500 vote vote bts_twt for top social artist at btsbbmas  bbmas this vote is for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award 2017 daancsg knock..knock im in cofiwch ymgynghoriad cartrefigwynedd sioptremelidir heddiw - 4-6yh. don t forget consultation tremelidirshop t i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas don t forget to pray and thanked our godi vote bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas 1sasuke is gradually becoming more annoying a episode go byim using my n fw more feel good mani am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas dersler bize islemezrt kcirtapaledasor bts will be my first amp last group i ll stan. i vote for bts_twt for the top social artist at the bbmas btsbbma rt lyricreserve talk me down troye sivan rt dqddy any girl is a squirter if you sever an arteryrt gurmeetramrahim day2dssfoundationevent packed with rocking performance amazingly there seems to be no end to these delightful amp rt lyricreserve talk me down troye sivan rt finalsmashcomic i m celebrating 6k follower and that mean another icon giveaway rt to enter to win your very own custom icon c bless your phone. it ha good taste new post added at tanzania jobs club - cv people africa location tanzania and conditions employment.. the club afford may calendar is out now. visit the afford facebook page to view all the eve rt poeticalporn you re worth more than you think. rt btsbbmas challenge this tweet reach seven thousand retweets vote i vote for bts_twt in bbmas for top social artist award. btsb rt pcyhomethailand hq 170425 chanyeol at the exo rdium in newark_1 cr.921127_happy htt rt namjoonftafi armys let s make 2017 bts year today we fight bbmas btsbbmas rt ramisrising retweet if you want to gain just follow everyone who retweets and follow back whoever follows you rt musicchoice voting btsbbmas go behindthelines of the not today video with bts_twt exclusively on our app rt queenkimbaby i love being called baby more than my actual namejust trust yourself then you will know how to live. johann wolfgang von goethe 1749-1832 quote via thequotetodayi liked a youtube video get out of your box amp look up to the sky - 03 - 2017-04-30this is officially most impressive tech i ve seen this year. rt frihoele you really have the see what apostle suleman wa spotted doing in a private jet photo via dlivefeeds rt halos the best you ever had is just a memoryaaj tak army pays tribute to brave soldiers mutilated by pakistan army pays tribute n southern offers family-friendly vacation rentals at seawind in gulf shores usa travel rt btsbbmas rt if you are army btsbbmas bts_bighit bts_twt i vote for bts_bighit bts_twtit s too hot to sleep rt bluejae_kiwis rt to vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas stan bts jeremiahhreyess do bothrt lickmyringpop when you amp bae are competing for high score rt thefunnyteens when ppl think they got me all figured out. rt potterworlduk this day 19 year ago lord voldemort wa defeated once and for all by the boy-who-lived harry potter. alphabetsuccess make every detail perfect and limit the number of detail to perfect. - jack dorsey quotert godly_life god is great and you have nothing to fear with him on your side.  joanna_brazil your passport and a toothbrush rt quizx92_ and all the club you get in using my name vote justinbbmasrt asyounotwish horrific a woman named nafeesa khan who claim to be a journalist threatens to chop tarekfatah. link rt lickmyringpop when you amp bae are competing for high score rt lickmyringpop when you amp bae are competing for high score rt evanjaquez if my partner doesn t like chess then they re not my partnerrt coachpsays i am at a place in life where peace is a priority. l deliberately avoid certain ppl to protect my mental emotional amp spiri law amp order is one of greatest show of all timesamsung approved for testing a self-driving car viafound a transponder snail the stunning scientific navy unit at headquarters trecru rt meaniehell russian roulette - red velvet rt iifepost damn that s me  reikocubicles well jungkook wa trippy in the bathroom so it s probs him lolrt solangeknowles thank you thombrowneny and love to reikawakubo and missy elliot for being great rt btskookie191997 i m vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas because ma city is lit songrt gieech my girlfriend don t know nothing about football what an affluent world it is rt thejikookie_ph its too early to brag about the gap of the votings. stay humble. i am voting bts_twt for bbmas top social artist awa rt wale one time for my guy btsbbmas. let my boy shinert notrobertjr i just wanna be the best version of myself for myself and nobody elserefer earlier request amp your reply on 14th april failed to get refund. total more than 4 month passed to get refund. please look into it.rt onlyvocal chop suey - system of a down vocals only rt whennboys cuz throwback are good for the soul rt classifiedhoe black woman truly are flawless rt krputus1 look at malia obama from the back barack and michelle have some worrying to do.. rt skyfootball it s not too serious .. liverpool s philippe coutinho hopeful of quick return after leg injury rt krputus1 look at malia obama from the back barack and michelle have some worrying to do.. rt anitta i m loucart krputus1 look at malia obama from the back barack and michelle have some worrying to do.. rt krputus1 look at malia obama from the back barack and michelle have some worrying to do.. rt edactivity date someone you want to annoy foreverrt karltaro my clock is this we have until summer 2018 to flee the us before this go down. it break my heart to leave family rt krputus1 look at malia obama from the back barack and michelle have some worrying to do.. rt krputus1 look at malia obama from the back barack and michelle have some worrying to do.. stop gaslighting me 3m 3m curtain window lights wedding party string fairy lighting white lantern  repmarkmeadows feel trumpcare2.0 is just evil enough amp will hurt kill enough people that he ll vote for it. folks vote this scum out rt giumkid ramus malek in a custom red dior homme tuxedo at the met gala. i can t believe ramus malek invented the color red. rt blainee_ephrem you know you slippin when your homeboy notice ya nail not done lmao rt daijaaroo_ needed this today. rt funnybrawls guy get the soul slapped out of him for stealing in a man s shop  vangeystei my senior year i still had 2 week of community left after everyone wa donemay day around the world holiday marked with defiant rally for worker right via yahoo rt _ccydney this saddens my heart justiceforjenae rt boysrepublic when u tweet a mutual you re intimidated by jumbo offer enjoy flat 35 off on thousands of watches sitewide itisdw  jtongz18 broke my heart too..if my house wa available i d offer it noah4sale he wa going awfrt pcyhomethailand hq 161008 chanyeol at dmc festival 2016 cr. starry-eyed wolf at the door zoomorphic single 2 by keane wolher soaking wet and vibrant pussy getting eaten out with ease rt yuuri_on_top when i accidentally drop something in front of viktor and reach down to get it rt guardian barack obama s 400 00 speaking fee reveal what few want to admit steven w thrasher rt 81sziam let s remember that zayn said my teddy bear when he wa talking about liam and the other boy started laughing rt jinjjarevil i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas u can vote in the bbma website if u have facebook i liked a youtube video bipasha amp karan s wedding film trailerrt deaddilf69 me when harajuku girls by gwen stefani come on shuffle follow darraa972 fan of bigboobsfansite bigboobsfansite check out this girl the ferry mahreel ha departed uq at 04 32 pm citycatrt btsbbmas last update today btsbbmas 17 931 500 tweet 10 805 500 retweets 60 204 400 reply 1 88 200 tpm max 86 female 14 mood i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas thirty sixlike if you don t gaf like you say you don t why tf you always trying pop back up in my life leave the kid alone i vote bts_twt for top social artist award at bbmas btsbbmmasi ain t got no worry rt veggiefemme no use cry over razor-burnt labia. or however the saying goes.amyone who didnt bother to watch the game  oh dear lordt rt abfromz the 82 hottest edtech tools of 2017 according to education experts edtech click click to the bang bang voting bts_twt for top social artist bbmas bbmasbtsrt v_min_kook8181 i am voting for bts bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas.like what wale amp rm propagates the world gonna change contest win a 2-night stay at laverandaresort phu quoc winlaverandaresortphuquoc mizteerio fathimaifraanah almohdali2810 pj_palits millennialofmnl how about south star drug store hahahart funnybrawls guy get the soul slapped out of him for stealing in a man s shop it s no belated april fools joke..mcd s ha invented a uselessly useful utensil for your fries. camcouple masturbation rt x_albueno sometimes the grass is greener on the other side because it s fakert camdoll_parisdi hey im online now again p sex porn camdolls  moho_haroon agreed berlanti ha done a great job. i don t even watch arrow season 4 wa terrible i never watched after that lolrt rmonica2017 that is the best sign i have seen in awhile i love it  maryam_rajavi yes you are right this criminal regime doing anything against humanity.he will be stopped.rt loitersquadvid captain staniel it suck having crush on that are omise x alipay rt sepimnapas vote for justinbbmas im a butterfly.rt trasshh1 bbmasvotes2017 jhopebase i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas for top social artist award btsbbmaso panneerselvam ups his game by announcing tamil nadu tour via ndtvrt trrvisxx stop what you re doing and unmute this  stuffurkindle w book by johnhartness lagilman hunterfaith davidbcoe jennifer_estep stuartjaffe amp mert karanjatt i d love to win the europa league just to see liverpool fan crytall teen in red panty show a closeup of her shaved pussy rt iim_g_w_vii r e t w if you followback e e t f4f mgwv rt2gain followtrick fo rt coincryptocolle happy 3rd birthday pink pinkcoin celebration of their party lot s of reward for everyone get ready for the moo massive movie rana sir you re massive actor a a balla ranadaggubatithe day i get a new tablet is the day i astral project into a higher plane and kick back into the hee hoort gymyg birthday boy youngandrichbambamday rt funnyyvine in the principal s office like rt envious i hate when u wanna talk about something that bother u but you feel like you ve already talked about it too much so you just rt catoletters trump surrenders to the iron law of oligarchy dan sanchez via feeonlinert itssr and when you meet the inspiration in the process perfectionist rt shanka_bitch y all dont respect real. you get real and don t even know what to do with it.rt dsanhernandez fcbayernus twitter twitter give you a chance to follow cristiano because your squad couldn t follow him on the pitch rt biermanneil after the shit some people have pulled seeing them on my timeline make me gag22 photographs showing that the world is more amazing than it first seems gt theresag1006o premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagai sweatergawd i need me a girl that know when to say thanks ugly god rt doomisg0d awp asiimov giveaway to enter you must -follow doomisg0d -rt like -share tweet rolling 10 05 17 rt viadajin hawthobi seokftjimin oncearmy96 joseflo90175091 allbtspics bbmas bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for the top soc  jeffreyjump1 squirrely_wrath we ll be ok just hated seeing the spurs lose the way they did not. not spurs basketball for surert sanni_official live on younow - rt girlswithtoys for a second i forgot white people be at metgala . bts_twt i stan talent and bts ha all of it i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award tbursoni newenglandgrl twinone72 kavanaghvickie marionmarsbar ghjnancy vanilla627 irisd236 ladybay8 i made a mistake tonight i m like naruto reincarnatedrt bbmasvotes2017 who like the new header bbmas venezuelans demand general election during may day rally rt he24foreverotp i m cryingg lizquenmayfiesta in that ramen mood.. rt lickmyringpop when my little bro cant beat me rt daiiythrowbacks drake - 4pm in calabasas rt lickmyringpop when my little bro cant beat me rt lickmyringpop when my little bro cant beat me rt freddyamazin me cleaning rt wordstionary do not allow the energy of negative people affect you.rt lickmyringpop when my little bro cant beat me can t wait to enjoy myself tomorrow. kissanursert deeplearn007 prepare for the digital health revolution ai machinelearning deeplearning bigdata ml dl healthcare tech rt lickmyringpop when my little bro cant beat me my brother had a soccer game then went to the dodger game amp now he ha to do hw this late i feel bad for him rt allahgreatquran a person who truly love you is someone who see the pain in your eye while everyone else still belief in the smile rt classicdadmoves doctor sorry but it doesn t look like your dad will make it out of his coma. someone at home touch the ther good looking blonde in thong justine strip and toy her succulent taco misty monday morning yesitistuesdaytoday avgeek heathrowairport nats rt kim_sujinn i m voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award good morning everyone i hope you all have an amazi theresag1006o premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart h2odelirious today s the day d thanks for all the awesome bday wish i m getting ton of them rt bhaskar_vats thanks httweets for showing our side satyagrah4men scrap498a fakecases i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award bts bts btsi vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist. beginrt tecnomobileug l9 plus come in three different color to choose from. which color would you prefer tecnol9plus rt ronoo_ i ve waited 23 year to tell my mom this. kalonzo to uhuru we are not looking for job we want to send you home via hivisasart purpotrust it s a big big world believe talentfm justinbbmas rt uniindianews kremlin say putin trump to speak by phone today -ria hehe. magic numbers.  btsbbmas army s all around the world are so getiing excited rt womensart1 andrea kowch us born contemporary symbolist painter who creates often dark dreamlike artwork womensart rt ynnhg1008 i am casting my vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award of the year btsbbmasim voting bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist awards btsbbmas begin - jk yenihesapbb remember to put btsbbmas into your tweet  carlydugger i like this guyrt eduardo_lacs what senseless waste. why kill such a gentle creature for sport rt if u want global ban on all trophy hunting truly a blessing he is absolutely beautiful. uncle lincolnvic5 ohanastrong proudgmomma lovemybabies rt arthurtbfh parenting done right me asf i cried i wa mad asl rt 1992for1994com i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award. i am grape - rm i am wood - jinmy summer s not that great this year rt russdiemon you know what i d do for you..pnbrock thru them speaker carlyhenderson_ yoongisstan bts_twt army love you thanks for all btsbbmmasmaking a mess of cargo.  amdwaters they weren t in rochdale or rotherham which is exactly why it make sense not to pidgeonhole them a mu the best thing about a 3 day weekend is a 4 day weekday baddie rt emrgencykittens cat. catter. cattest. rt ipfconline1 5 a b testing resolutions you should embrace in 2017 via zargethq martec after toasting this edo state girl i told her that my favorite color is orange..then she said her favourite.. rt sw_trains our new timetable starting sunday 21st may 17 is now available. i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas loloit s time for the red carpet for heaven in seven movie .. calishak llc kazfilm prod. unlocking the doors.. rt 1dupdatesonline niall s newsletter via 1dfau_au .  openagxncy rt krys we re an open agency that will open tomorrow at 7 pm everytime i check student portal find out what makes a style disrupter rt max1edmunds cannot wait to leave schoolrt fckwithwilly chanel vs. walmart rt fuenmayoralexa mood for the next 3 week rt liarmps corbyn vow to put extra 10 00 cop on our streets. he s also vowing to open our border to middle east amp beyond. he ll need  realhistorypic this is too good rt zainsrih i love fact man b diddy wa nice look who is talking it baffle everyone when pti accepts such people in their fold. rt maybecorey his name is probably brayden. drives a lifted chevy listens to country play baseball amp won t stop talking about t shoutout tealangston for being the most amazing and beautiful person on earth rt woridstarhiphop happy 18th anniversary spongebob. the first episode help wanted aired on this day in 199. women are doing these mistakes during their menstrual cycle join us on linkedin rt faithfulmantis lol all the racist in the mentions. they re all illegal stfu billy bob.  sp1305 phew i wa about to stage an intervention rt floofyfluff little axolotl pal i would argue that general and assistant store manager are more u than they are them and are forced into uncomfortable positionrt kyungsoo_stan whoa rt synnsandhope bts is the army. now it s on me so i vote bts_twt for bbmas btsbbmas for top social artist bangtang speed army i vote for bts for top social artist bbmas sixty eighteating my wimpy breakfast with our_ebenhaezer s campaign in front of me. congratulations again rt seienagdaily selena is goal rt shy_shyy nigga really ain t shit oh my god y all disgustingrt flocheer_ your new medium coed world champions congratulations thecaliallstars black ops rt lomzi89 mntase you invented moving on. honey every blackpink member is a bias wrecker each one have quality that can make you swerve lane in one blink of an eyert sexpains i just want someone that is all about me obsessed with me and just love me is that too much too ask for one person followed me automatically checked by rt speakcomedy my life is one big why did i do that momentrt justsunsets brazil rt lanadelrey genius- we ve never heard that story down here at the studio. pretty erie. and i ve never seen a ghost in my apartment in rt yanda_sarah i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt lorimoreno spirit of the winter by tomas havel rt lorimoreno spirit of the winter by tomas havel rt gemmemes is this a warning or an advertisement rt kqed the lab is the stuff of myth -- and mayor butt want to find it rt fanatic_got7 straight into my heart and i m dead rt netizentown cj entertainment sold the merciless to french distributor to be released throughout the country on june 28th. rt atheasshole_ you gotta be this extra with your shorty rt musicmeetfans in every thing you are going to do there is a wrong way and a right way. and if listen good you will know the ri rt sodamntrue rt if u are currently a messrt girlposts take what you need and rt for someone elsert lskindagirls put ur vote for btsbbmas is bts_twt for top social artist awardrt cosmickyun the sparkle on his jacket are reflecting on his face thanks for the recent follow chiranjeevprat2 j9987839922 josephpaulraja happy to connect have a great tuesday.rt skywardwing the word of my people. bleeding da block via youtubert galgadot who is watching gotham tonight tune in to catch a sneak peek of wonderwoman rt cowsandco went very very well with our baked brie.. thank you again gary rt shawnupdatessa go mendes army shawnbbmasrt clockterowl jojowithbts musicchoice bts_twt they discount vote that contain number rt adorkablebts . bts_twt keonemadrid fact thirty five jungkook wished his dad to stop smoking i vote for bts_twt for the top s rt yanii_que join the team today and cover all those expense make up to 500 on your first try. if you re serious then messa  huncest oki bb dm me your number  k_luhtz uiowa yess that s my best friend go alex i m so proud of you rt booknerdfession there is some good in this world and it s worth fighting for. j.r.r. tolkien the two towersi vote bts_twt for top social artist awards btsbbmas bts for the win vote bts_twt top social artist btsbbmas bbmasrt mariamsalah182 eleven i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardi will absolutely vote bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artistrt crystal1johnson a 10 y.o.girl bullied about her dark skin ha created a fashion line in hope of instilling confidence in other you rt jinah_vn i vote for bts_twt in bbmas for top social artist. btsbbmas dashi run run rundawn leaks controversy middle way could resolve the issue today kourtney waterworks be my death note i ll be your light embolibotrt yanii_que join the team today and cover all those expense make up to 500 on your first try. if you re serious then messa rt maemathers you know it all you re my best friend. i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award.rt voguemagazine . selenagomez is with coach s stuart vevers getting ready to walk up the metgala carpet. i vote for bts_twt for the 2017 bbmas top social artist awardmsm like cnn are angry because trump want to meet with the president of philippines call him an authoritian leader..rt princesspagne i don t even know why people bother telling me stuff high key don t give a f ck..scouting sa hospital 2017. rt burforders why aren t national paper reporting this terrible incident stag so terrorised by quantock staghound allegedly i rt duynarmy i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award you dont know cypher  itsnotkelly more worried for your safety but definitely praying that doesn t happen it sound suspicious tbh coolbcy rl guart btsarmy_intl i vote for bts_twt btsbbmas top social artist award don t forget to stream on spotify and youtube while voting __ rt colincowherd just imagine lebron s resume if he had a stitch of help before the decision rt brooketherose lmao i love seeing people so confused rt footbalrlife can t get over emre can s goal where is my lady rt educationalpics the moon during a total solar eclipse revealing a vast solar corona. rt lildreamcastmfc 18 come hang with me in twin tail rt mercedesamgdtm thank you budapest it s been a blast. dtm i trust in you bts btsbbma btsbbmas bbmasrt jypetwice twice 4th mini album lt signal gt album pre-order starts twice signalrt babymetal_japan celebs react to babymetal babymetal youtube finebrothers reactrt tracydobesh hi schedulicity your software is super but your ad landed on ick-o breitbart. slpng_giants can help you blackli rt bts_spotify btsbbmas if anyone asks who is bts please direct them to the bts s wikipedia page. it help with social 50 cha  evan_mcmullin having grown up during the heyday of the cold war with duck amp cover drill at school i don t think i this shit make me laugh so much please rt if you like architecture design architect interiordesign bowtie house demx architecture rt duongngocquyen i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas aa katesnooks think he got paid by the number of word he spewst_babyy23o premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagaforgot to mention that the antagonist is a party of clothes. justbleedmma shopamania is running wild brother.rt definients omg cara delevingne high key did that metgala new post in the zone ha been published on leggings are pants - rt beaucoupies this is me rt voguemagazine here is your exclusive first look inside the metkawakubo exhibition at the metmuseum.  oscar actress juliannemoore autographed 8 x 10 color photo best auction rt broderickgreer they deny the holocaust. they re-litigate the cause of the civil war. they use slur to refer immigrants. they are is  pilosopo15 grasha28 mateoguidicelli i have been around phil. showbiz toort to vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas i live for their sweet smile and amazing voicert crazy_gise003 remember the promise mia khalifa made about donald trump s victory rt premierleague three matchweeks to go.. my phone seeing tweet for the turtle fav for pierre mcguire.rt bbmas rt to vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas rt crazy_gise003 remember the promise mia khalifa made about donald trump s victory rt seienagdaily you have every right to a beautiful life. rt crazy_gise003 remember the promise mia khalifa made about donald trump s victory rt crazy_gise003 remember the promise mia khalifa made about donald trump s victory rt crazy_gise003 remember the promise mia khalifa made about donald trump s victory hypy11 telnet possible telnet attack from 116.105.88.130 rt gavlnreact either fix your attitude or leave me rt shakylaa_ i believe in forgiveness and people changing.. but shit don t happen over night.rt crazy_gise003 remember the promise mia khalifa made about donald trump s victory rt crazy_gise003 remember the promise mia khalifa made about donald trump s victory i love my girl rt daily_namjoon i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas. normally other country have 1 king but korea have rt meaniehell rumor - k.a.r.d rt pmochimin_ btsbbmas i vote for bts_twt in bbmas for top social artist award. btsbbmasrt thedailybeast stephen colbert to trump you re the presi-dunce but you re turning into a real prick-tator. blackpink comeback ygent_official please rt crazy_gise003 remember the promise mia khalifa made about donald trump s victory enormous musty fiery muffinrt dcbluestar xavier woods get his call.. i am voting for bts bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas. btsbbmas omg these comment xd  egypturnash we ll get you through this bullshit. hug lemme know if you need anything sorry i was.. complicated this weekend. c.c a perfect world is never perfect only filled with liert pndagaming pnda gaming package giveaway -tag your friends -rt and follow pndagaming click here would you believe that you can travel the world for free no bullsh t. here s how bribri2484 rt ghodhodesign brandicyrus adding a pop of color to her riding outfit in the fiona show breech color deep  fuckin america  forumpandlr ban seven deadly sins cy 2018 medicare advantage final call letter rt chimchim_ami i vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasjust a reminder to all you ding dong high school boy amp girl out there.. if you hurt my sister i will fly across rt farahaunti like idc anymore if it sound like it doesn t make sense i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbm rt strongpowertq_3 i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas we should vote nonstoprt trapixally never been touched never been kissed but totally damaged rt heyitspika wake up pls bboyffrt dxnlls 1 rt 1 hour i wont use twitteri am willing to call all my friend to vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist of the year.rt thepixiepress pain_net1 he claim it is believed it is said it is alleged .. with absolutely no fact the headline p rt sunnyyeun__ btsbbmas i m voting for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt mybravegomez she s killing the game. 2017 is for sure selena s year metgala metgala2017 rt kaizokukingpin brothers rt coieconuttemp i did an origin one too rt paradryi friend who defend you when you re not around are importantrt sexualgif i love hearing baby like yes thts mei almost have enough point for a free reward on featurepoints use my link for a bonus. rt ksoogifs who did this i m cry rt mogi_lone i vote bts_twt for top social music award btsbbmasrt vminissi i vote for bts_twt in the bbmas for top social artist award. keep voting btsbbmasrt mvrderzone a thread of photograph displaying the horrific act of various serial killer murderer extremely graphic - viewer dis  lex_p_ beautifulrt mayalouu_ if another girl ha your attention leave me alone. i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. btsbbmas justine seagullrt thefunnyteens i cant stop laughing at this a wild dunsparce ha appeared available until 00 02 11 29m 28 . rt maram0salem just hope to sleep nothing more i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas for top social artist bcs shanel ily sixty sevenwith all the hate mike d antoni got with the lakers i gotta say he is legendary. changed the game forever. who knew. nobody knew.rt skaggsalexis i m just tryn have a piper and alex crazy as relationship rt rainjuly02 maywardofficial awtzz so sweet mayward growinginlovert relevantae bangtanfamfic ineffablehseok parkjiminslips bts_twt rt 1 vote i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top soci sfivefiveoh s photo rt v_kulchikhina jaden smith and since i coudn t bring my sister a a date i brought my old hair andre leon this is avant-garde rt selenaactivity those eye rt simoncrips shawy warren call obama s 400 k message out of touch with americans. ordinary people is getting kicked in the teeth. rt johnjarlem being ignored is the worst feeling ever.rt deiriscess i vote bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmasburberry s too nicegot7 my swagger m v short ver. rt sextkittyy what a tease rt iamblackbear u can always ring my linert being_priya_ so tubelight is set to be the widest release in china expecting 500 screens 2daysfortubelightteaser beingsalmankh  adamctierney idk but i want to try haggis since i m scottish.rt illuminateqanda this is insanely beautiful rt malkey36 this army is voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award lets jump i am voting for bts_twt at the bbmas for top social artist awards btsbbmas bangtan sonyeondanrt davdanielson my sister wa having a bad day because of some guy so i decided to buy all her favorite thing to show her how a gu police detain 165 after may day protest in istanbul rt maiphuonng_vmk for the bbmas top social artist award i am voting for bts_twt btsbbmasy all wanna criticize kendal s little booty and criticize kylie s fake as what do y all want from them insomniac adventure with phee ayeno fr  19ac65 skynews hahahaha well into second term and still blaming labour the tory borrow more tax more cut more and lie morebanks to merge over projected gh 260m capital review zenith bank md  boys24 unit green shinhwa brand new revival match 20160730 ep.07 via youtubefavs vocal camilacabello camila_cabello shake n go naturalsewin layeredcurls touchofcolor b4nafterhair seconduse slayedbytav b4naftersalon.. rt therealryanhiga theres always gotta be that one person who ruins the photo.. rt biebsbeliebe dont forget that im human dont foget that im real justinbbmasrt niggacommentary retweet in 10 second and you ll get best news ever rt jadayvette i swear everybody get on my fucking nerve brort pearylovess finally rt preet0987 gurmeetramrahim jesurprise wow look very smart papa g rt raptors stops needed box rt sarangh4e tag yourself. i m her semi disgusted face while saying i knew it rt 1xfly lmfaoo i m weak  marcuschown lotharbirkner is it a sustainable opportunity if i use is how will it be disposed of can it be recycled rt saintdri tsuyers speed fixing rt lilhoely you blocking somebody is a sign of you filtering the bullshit outta your life. no one is entitled to your communic redheaded babe showing her massive boob at a party rt jean_vincent coravin is such a great tool when it come to share bottle with the next generation of i ain t affected by those kind of word from yourt uarmy97 i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist awardrt topsocialartist votes 02 05 2017 7 50 cest bts_twt 21.868.300 btsbbmas justin 3.781.900 selena 491.489 ariana 593.370 s rt timbenzpgh crosby just walked by me in the arena. full suit. winked at a worker and appeared to say i m ok. walking briskly. no sign rt girlposts how i sleep knowing i m the family disappointment amp everyone talk about me. rt jinjjarevil i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas i hope bangtan gets invited amp perform they be snat rt nfldraftscout early 2018 thought - good qb potential - ohio state is loaded - strong lb cb ot class - wr dl te look iffy keyholeco buffer could you provide me your email to discus more.new post murderer s creed four black flag wolfpack discovery mode half 1 - missions 1-four - i m so so sore from bowling. who get sore from bowling me apparently. i love twitterrt seienagdaily you have every right to a beautiful life. what do you think european or american girls rule rt maddowblog nytimes they are slaughtering u like animals.  femdom pretty join nicepussy virtual rt eldestdamon tvd script elena reveals to damon that she s pregnant part 2 delena tvd tvds8 shia news official is out stories via snpak110 lodhimaleeha urduvoa meetthenews pakistan urt managertidworth all ready for another week here at tpc tidworth_gc woods_damion  lewd_zaveid depends there is more then one way to have fun well a long a it involves me laughing or giggling then i m okay with it rt beardamendi this is beautiful. this is futbol. this is the premier league. i ll just send you my whole list. then i can have a theatre buddy rt naddictsofc vote till i met you for teleserye hit of the year text moropm31 amp send to 2366 for globe tm sun smart amp tnt i added a video to a youtube playlist anime voice comparison- mikado ryumine durarara rt blvrryana i m voting for bts_twt for top social award btsbbmas seanfarrington bbcbusiness bccadam britishchambers bbc5live depends rather who you re asking ceo s on a huge rt cleanashion donald glover frank ocean asap rocky ashton sanders and michael b. jordan at the metgala this is art rt mxriesutherland thisfoo alliortiztoledo if you eat a sustainably and humanely a you can given circumstance health money you  sethgamblexx goodnight sexy sethgamblexxrt bbcnews we have a plan.. we know what our priority are - amberrudd_mp dismisses report over brexit dinner talk i have been better these last bank holiday at keeping work down to responding to email amp little else. the result is i feel ill prepared. enternoon one of the greatest welshmen.. rip.rt mossclair gwen snapping blake eatting. they are so funny rt areyougame007 g a for active followers only 1 5k fifa coins g a for my active follower only rt this tweet list up a car rt callmiifexco be strong enough to let go and patient enough to wait for what you deserve.rt hrxbrand 10 million have joined the challenge. 10 million heart have pledged to keepgoing. ihrithik myntra becurefit rt lmoneyy_ bill gluckman is down with the bitch and hoes.rt btsbbmas bts have broken some of the bbmas servers. btsbbmasrt inejalina screaming lala having ring on every finger but one  jelasoul__ i think the problem stem from somewhere elsestop ion wanna see teaser spoilers anymor ei ve voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artists awards this year btsbbmas wendys what s your opinion on this anthony joshua could emulate muhammad ali and become sporting icon rt princessjaa someone stare at me for too long me rt infiniteupdates pics 170502 dongwoo s instagram update 1 i am willing to call all my classmate to vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardsblart coldfries racist people tweet from third party apps on 2012 android that have shattered screen districtdolan omg i wish but you totally arert kr_kk9 heart - you aren t understanding i only want him.. mind - as if he understands.. rt ltskardashians when you re trying to do right and get your life in order and the universe keep throwing l after l at you rt revolocities so i..made more humanized soda rt septicais bitches be so okay with sharing a nigga. who raised y all soon a i find out it s somebody else in the picture one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me automatically checked by  leighjensen smart i might do that when someone talking to you and they breath smell like booboo rt kaliveblack voting bts_twt top social medium artist btsbbmas this is fun totally forgot that i have some reporting to do this afternoon and i had to go back to my unit to change into my uniform. hassle ang init for the bbmas top social artist award this army is voting for bts_twt btsbbmas frappuccino thank you rt mpashonews learn to give your used toys to others is lillian muli attacking her ex-husband in this vicious message i liked a youtube video fringy is now 100 advertiser friendly rt danisnotonfire mickeyphii a thumbnail typo this is new territory for me wow clearly i ll never changert selenafanclub so cute why did she do it them  yoongiiloves girlie your vote should be like in this format i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award at the btsbbmas bbmasrt hyunbinthings trans a victim of devil editing kwon hyunbin.jpg - produce101 kwonhyunbin 101 teamhyunbin rt shootinthoughts to know that the neck u clung to a a kid wa severed from the body.. he who carried u around cuddled u to sleep rt sandhyaskitchen f amp rt sandhyaskitchen amp ciriouk to win a cirio hamper worth 15 ends 01 06. giveaway t amp c rt rtyourakko akko being called a sassy child rt aboazooz2011 alturkiparole i love k.s.a got gangsta and lost my heart ..rt karagaynvers k i m so tired n tomorrow s gonna be a long day so goodnight i love girlfriend rt alienvenusx hindi tayo matatalo ngayon wooh not today i am casting my vote for bts_twt for the bbmas btsbbmas top social artist rt kurt13warner young men who didn t have name s called i didn t either but it ll b called in canton this fall.. not start u wanted bu sillyy girlrt garystlawrence . realdonaldtrump wa asked if trumpcare will have pre-existing condition for all. he refused to answer. noballs htt . camila_cabello you will forever be my queen and my everything rt cham_twt this girl is really in the fancafe trying to give bts tips on how to get mobile data in the philippines im laughing 2 5 2017 time 07 33 temp 10.1 c barometer 1013.4 hpa wind from ene at 0.9 mph rain today 0.5mmi have too many thing i want to do and no where near enough time to do them all well within just 12 hour the only problem is consistencyrt taehyungpiics i vote bts for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas do you know annyeonghasaeyo rt danharmon i won t speak to whether writer can win a strike but if you re wondering if we re capable all i ll say is have you seen rt taekingofheart musicchoice bts_twt i vote bts_twt to win btsbbmas for top social artistrt hillaryclinton happy birthday to this future president.  freshismydayjob don t get used to itrt yoonminroyals so the highest record for voting is 41 million watch army break that in a day or two btsbbmas  sams0n2petty dis they not see selena rt worldstarc0medy happy 18th anniversary spongebob. the first episode help wanted aired on this day in 199. rt weirdbean it s comicstrip time webcomics rt openstwiitter opens twitter rt vikranth_offl happybirthday to my dear thala ajith sir .. hbddearestthalaajithrt loslivinlavishh you need ticket for the you re welcome festival rt amp follow for detail uni is calling i vote for bts_twt for top social artist at btsbbmas.. one of the most heartbreaking thing i ve heard all day i added a video to a youtube playlist ep 5 bloopers xtreme virtual pro wrestlingproud to be part of v-sprint rideformike on sunday rt waterismybuddy king of somalia. repping the blue and white rt kendyslhaine we stop to get something to drink akosikenchan akosighelay iamjanusj ivyreyes2219 mtbstarsoftheshowrt globalbts you know you can have me to vote bts for top social artist at the btsbbmas over and over again rt liya8897 i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas jungkookkrt bxtchimace proper preperation prevents poor performance this really some shit to live by.back on for another lovense lush show camgirl cum cumshow chaturbate camgirlspro rt namjoonftafi check your hashtag there s a hashtag to mess you up like btsbbams i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social arti rt wordstionary don t look back - you re not going that way.rt bitcoinmagnates gnosis tokens double in value after exchange debut - bitcoin bitcoin blockchain bitcoin i feel good when i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awards. yxngcxnnxbxl i can feel tilda s character emotion so well..and she won something for this movie i think trade free follows ffs 140x140 or le i don t go first tweet me 10just posted a photo  viewfromgwladys likes europe. not the eu. lives in france. braaveheaart fine thanks and you bhrt smnthgs biebscrewbr i think i can t handle my feeling when we lose justinbbmasrt btsarmy_intl i vote for bts_twt btsbbmas top social artist award rt if you stan talentrt paleblueeyes24 californians when there is an earthquake rt femaleknows friend u comin out me i should stay in tonight i m so stressed friend ya ok i understand me ughh ok u convinced me i  maff talkreading you surely cannot say with a straight face that he got under monk s skin it wa completely the other way around rt menopausewoman1 visit the new menopause woman uk site now. the shop for premium menopause symptom fighting vitamins amp rt compieted imagine losing me tragic for uworking night keep me out of a lot of shit  big_john819 not when there wa only one string cheese left lol like i had to look hard for that one stickrt jonomorlandx sorry but 2016 gt gt gt 2017 metgala rt nyeko_sama fisica ritmo what the fuck are you weari-- ritmo move bitch i m tall now julilovemusic yes yes ..rt jihp_hyunie12 i ve voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt fusion we re declaring war on bad policing. heartbroken family demand answer after 15-yr-old jordanedwards wa fatal rt identicais i m in the mood for a deep conversation.rt starshadowmagic beauty and the beast rt astoldbybrina y all be arguing over a nigga that s for everybody  dannyrellisjr periscopeco what are they doing rt alphagam_tsu we are so excited and thankful to announce that our alpha gam men for this year are drew fuller lee smith and wac rt sharon_booth1 a cuppa and a catch-up via sharon_booth1 tuesdaybookblog amwritingrt postmaolne you become what you believeanna berry annaberry_01 ft. nd lomaski bend it rt xbox rt and follow xbox for a chance to win a forzahorizon3 e bundle hotwheels and more forzasweepstakes rules rt iioveoceans dreaming just to escape reality rt egawase i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist bts army fightingi liked a youtube video the thunder rolls garth brooks lyricrt globalbts you know you can have me to vote bts for top social artist at the btsbbmas over and over again rt jiminbtsid i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas a top social artist rt if you miss black haired jimin rt mitch_savage can t wait to hear the cheer of 18 00 child who ll be at the wankhede a part of educationforall initiative specia  mohanadelshieky mention my name once you become famousrt 1jodye nigga i thought the cup wa blasting off. willful ignorance the new norm climatemarch peoplesclimatemarch sciencedenial denial science ryanjgillcomics rt mitch_savage can t wait to hear the cheer of 18 00 child who ll be at the wankhede a part of educationforall initiative specia rt tiffanidavis18 i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt brndnwprsn gemini -.. -heartbreakers -usually confident a hell -social butterfly -voted most likely to cheat -lowkey love em -p  tenebr0us dang flabbitforever dafbama2017_girlsgeneration whatmakesmesmile remembering how sure i wa that my 6th grade relationship would end up in marriage.forever dafbama2017_girlsgenerationrt tamarajanelle i am soo done mfw botw ha dlc that make everything easier but i already 100 d itrt wale one time for my guy btsbbmas. let my boy shine paullewismoney a case for applying to exceptional house price growth- eg what ha been happening in south east. co rt aldubvines read between the like mainedcm aldubxdtbylettinggo marryyoungmaichard check out pic amp vids by goddesswillowxx on diablo 3 with beardedgamingentertainment part 4 via youtubert bangtanwrynhs topsocialartist bts_twt woww welldone keep voting army fighting i m voting for bts_twt a top social ar feels like monday today rt suga_th i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award sugamak oi this level is crazy hotunderrated tbh. metgala rt blavity olympian gabby douglas get the barbie treatment with her own doll rt closet give me this body suit in every color please look after breakup miho hit the beach with daughter - abs-cbn news update hack attempt in ingham county affect 1600 workstation hack infosec ehackingsso stay calm to suck in more oxygen to your brain so you can think better for the best options. rt grahamgtk1954 mcdonnell vow to give union more power a corbyn refuses to reveal policy fund plan the creepy truth about humidifiers via time healthandfitness i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas jung ho seokrt jinjjarevil i literally thought the mv for blood sweat and tear japanese version would be the same it a whole new concept. bighit p ronaldo ha earned 5 580 576 euro so far this year. cr7 halamadrid realmadrid cristianort moonhotsauce moon is on holiday don t worry - there s plenty of full moon amp scullery moon available from thescullerycafe and verygr i thought i wa a failure a disappointment. but this day people made me feel that i succeed look a fucking squirrel. finding happyhour in vegas is a slick a donaldtrumps edge with this guide rt illumlnati life is simple people are complicated.rt rad_milk see a businessman wearing a tie hey nice necklace idiotrt emotionaifuck depression doesn t come in wave it s a whole fucking ocean and tonight im drowningrt oreo_k00kie i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas make me run make me run morert cortneylynn these are the two men that did this to my 15 year old nephew. i want their face everywhere their hell ha only rt datasciencectrl improving performance of random forest by adding chosen feature  ptwyford thanks for retweets all help epsomcaninerescue dog find their forever home adoptdontshop loving your curl tennessee-waltz alma cogan schlagerfixing my hair by priscilla renea fixingmyhair priscillareneart tupacshakurld tupac 1993. calling out issue that still remain today..  bigbreakfastdebate carelesswhisper ha been voted the number one song of all time but which song do you think sh booster gold is here to save the day boostergold future dc dcu dc4l dccomic  dumptrump7 carlsmythe andersonztake henningtveit thescienceneuro lifebiomedguru ray_wesol doritmi  igorvolsky varidienne and murdering people. like the syria bombing while eating beautiful chocolate cake. he s evil at the core.rt annarussett wow amazing night so far blessed metgala i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas bts kimnamjoonrt smnthgs congratulations justinbieber you re the best justinbbmas rt andyrichter so weird that ikea named a mattress after the only requirement i have for my lady rt sexpains do not fuck with me if you making another girl feel like she got a chance with you did your parent spank or use timeouts growing up i got my as beat rt hayesgrierps retweet in 10 second and you ll get best news ever rt iamsrk thank you everyone who came from all over the world to wish me. u make me feel so special amp loved. really this is t oh the babe is performing blowjob on web camera rt aadhila16 for more video subscribe my channel one direction  repadamschiff aplebeianlife potus this is why we can t keep him in wh hollywood_news lunchbox director ritesh batra s fails to acquire indian release and here s why rt fuccl si is ready for these kid to come tf out.  itvnews the complexity of the exit should have been prepared for prior to they promised the referendum. no clear plan obviously rt sodamncheap their faces are priceless rt hellaabella may is mental health awareness month just a reminder to take care of youself and be kind to yourself amp everyone around y rt gurmeetramrahim epic celebration of foundationday with jesuperblast millions drenched in divine rain mega event held amid.. rt rpgmmorpg morrowind the best elder scrolls turn 15 today - tweaktown - tweaktown rt rahmstorf why i cancelled my nytimes subscription. bretstephensnyt rt maikelvliet kanye west - can t tell me nothing is dan de anthemrt yokoboee simplicity is the ultimate sophisticationrt yokoboee simplicity is the ultimate sophisticationrt vs_nickriddle joyconmichael liquidhbox ics are so bad they can t win with wobbling ics are so stupid because they can win with wo rt yokoboee simplicity is the ultimate sophisticationrt showerldea all though freezing rain can be annoying we should be grateful there isn t boiling rain.rt gurmeetramrahim celebrated 69th foundationday of dera sacha sauda amp 10th jaam-e-insan guru ka amidst huge 1.06cr audience wid grea comic con is coming to centre library cosplay rt lifelimits good thing are right around the corner. rt _skizzymars i just want to be with youplenty time  enews24ghanta spare a thought for the guy detained in u.s. for allegedly overstaying by 90  voss-034 yu kawakami if it is a mother put your son on the beach a son s friend who first encountered while spare a thought for the guy detained in u.s. for allegedly overstaying by 90 minute via rt adam_cabral it s hotter than south africa in my roomrt monday516 mainedcm leaving the brgy. nice to have you here in noveleta balik ka ha aldubxdtbylettinggo  casfucker4real i mean we ve all been there biker_barbie morning what a lovely viewrt brainbankers lock down your phone. rt biebscorrupted most elegant princess in the world metgala i voted bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmas o kadar hesap actim dimi ama news lunchbox director ritesh batra s fails to acquire indian release and here s why two best of album suke best 1 amp 2 were released on july 10.this army is voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award of the year army vnam always support btslooking for baby climbing toys here are the top picks for 2017 rt fallenleaves97 jinjjarevil actor seokjin is coming i vote for bts_twt for the top social artist award bt rt best_belieberss life is worth living justinbbmas believe talentfmdear girl you gotta understand the difference between a man who speaks to you on his free time and a man who.. my hormonal acne along my jawline is finally subsiding thanks to these herbal supplement dear sir we are pleased to offer following available machine for sale please see below details.. rt corazongold_ is everything okay at home rt praiseminghao my princess rt number_gg good morning 170501 gd photo gdragon 8seconds numberg rt waanwaan_ no mr. baxter no corey no stanley no crackhead.. show is canceled. - mlber berated with racist taunt at fenway rt broken when someone asks me what s wrong i can t even explain it. it s everything it s building up amp i wanna tell someone but i wann rt maryg_pc my friend and i are having this contest and i d love your help please rt and fave love you first to 100 get what she wan this bitch asking how to suck dick and she doesn t even know how to kiss someone i m so confused rt coachmotto it should always be about team. you can t play everybody. but if you re not playing you ve still got to be a good teammate rt tradturk turkish genocid . rt hushpapi4 kaws x adidas yeezy v2 199.95 rt ciaratheauthor check out this song for me really quick by kirate los who is this guy potential spoiler a wwe title may be changing hand soon rt caleyjay 10 10 of the study break i take are break i don t deservert real_pabo i voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award. okay time to rt stuffrt aynoloveyou f do u like bts ayno yes so much f and monsta x ayno i wonder how they are doing it s been so long since i ve seen t rt kcontv share with fellow babyz to see this exclusive interview with bap on kcontv catch the boy giggle dance amp aegyo rt googlep21387615 5 fact donald trump wishes we d forget rt korena001 yall.. retweet this it for real  nigglysaurus is he lost team at jandersdean amp lexisnexisuk put together amazing collaboration of lawfirms for legaldatajam in association with jdhorizons datart meramyakrishnan suriya_offl thank you soo much suriya.. rt metalundergroun srednep releases new album social masks full stream available minister m venkaiah naidu to review progress of urban sector scheme smartcitiesrt footyaccums sulley muntari gave his shirt to a child who wa racially abusing him at cagliari i needed to set an example so the isiciean rt amblujay people wear them to swim not to win miss pool 2017 rt 13reasonsfans if monday wa a person rt askaprilcom dear askapril my girlfriend make lewd comment and flirt shamelessly. i hate it she won t stop new limited-edition mary kay eye color palette sunlight pink rt dicktheexplorer rt this if you want my dick pic jakol top versa bottom 7inchesrt ofckuyaedward excited ka na ba sa bd ni maymay retweet if you do and comment your wish for her. mayward growinginlovert dubootie alright yall 5k isn t possible for me but i will not give up retweet please paf s mirage aircraft crash near jhang rt urpumkim ur dad look so good in these pic cherry hill is like my heart hope and dream all wrapped up in a song like.. thank you russdiemon rt buterastronger this is the cutest thing i ve ever seen in my whole life rt hoesloveglo if you ask me to be the god mother of your child i m showing up to the baby shower in this rt guwop a little motivation to get you through the week queen rt privdylanm how do u delete someone else s tweet rt igot7kings bighitent i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt buttoniris a riveting tale by me rt brandonking617 fuck that waiting for a opportunity shit im taking everything.ya gurl anna wintour hasnt changed her hairstyle since the 1300s so dont expect her to follow the theme lmaort brandonking617 fuck that waiting for a opportunity shit im taking everything. chaoticgoth i am sitting on the floor bc my body hurt from laughingrt jinjjarevil i literally thought the mv for blood sweat and tear japanese version would be the same it a whole new concept. bighit p rt brandonking617 fuck that waiting for a opportunity shit im taking everything.rt brandonking617 fuck that waiting for a opportunity shit im taking everything.rt brandonking617 fuck that waiting for a opportunity shit im taking everything.rt yourseives in a relationship i think my biggest flaw is that im extremely needy amp sensitive i constantly need to feel the love or ill rt brandonking617 fuck that waiting for a opportunity shit im taking everything.rt brandonking617 fuck that waiting for a opportunity shit im taking everything.rt coachpsays i am at a place in life where peace is a priority. l deliberately avoid certain ppl to protect my mental emotional amp spiri for the first time peacock census at campus of pau_ldh to know exact number preserve nationalbird tallstories iambenhalpin win rt amp followrt moonmarra operator 911 whats your emergency me i want to report something that zendaya did operator what did she do me rt bigshitxtalker the meme of the night btw. rt brandonking617 fuck that waiting for a opportunity shit im taking everything. morgan6633 iamlp miriamgnrlp iamlslucie lilialu7 kryniakz achincaroline7 littlemanue81 morozzova_ rt raymond_norman loved past book written by laurielclewis..this one stood out rrbc romance fiction i ve won a battle in pixelgun3d join the fight now pixelgun3d pixelgun 3d pg3d mobile fps shooter twice 4th mini album lt signal gt album pre-order starts twice signal by jypnation via c0nveyrt karinmandira parkjiminslips bbmas bts_twt use hashtag btsbbmas i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist btsbbmasrt billgates i try to visit india at least once a year. i m inspired by something new every time rt norriyfa saw these on facebook and it made my morning thank you for following u adnanul72693004 stagecoachsw how will the bonhay road diversion affect the h into from st davids station exeter where my son get his bus to school both i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas rt jinjjarevil here an explanation of bts not today . jungkook s english made my heart boom boom lord of the rings shook will franky succeed to escape so she can find the proof of her innocence how is bridgit going to react  alien_scum listen to my new song gotmyglockwitme at rt aceanimatedbot source new game  goldenfacetl12 yea i loved rihannas outfit. that s edgy. pcs wa just weird love your description this black haird girl is a rough beauty wanking her cock all day. shemale shemales rt kkuljaem variety roundup knowing bros infinity challenge 1n2d masked singer running man rt woridstarcomedy bruh this actually worked rt 20nuna_ my vote go to bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist of the year  frank2280 you don t have to read my tweetrt holybangtan armys lets do this btsbbmas  kikumaru13902 or is it algornizing rt cabeyoslatina a couple metgala are you calling me a sinner i vote bts_twt for bbmas top social artist btsbbmasrt urbanmediallc fear kill more dream than failure ever will.rt paula_white when people are finished with you god is just getting started getready senwarren call out obama and democrats for losing way on economy but backed hillary clinton wtf rt shumdarionews update malec wa the 10th most popular ship on tumblr this past week via fandometrics rt vintagesuithire order your wedding suit now at info vintagesuithire.co.uk vintagesuit vintagewedding alternativewedding rt fanatic_got7 i love him so much and i love his personality. he always work so hard and give his best in everything. rt tularosaa_ cut off anything that you have to questionfire crowd lauri we must dissent from the indifference. we must dissent from the apathy. astirahat liaisti15 festivalbungabalaikotart playmfs pltl be friend with me leesungkyunxrt fluffyumin when sehun made baekhyun and chanyeol kneel down and hug minseok who s sitting because he wa injured how sweet f i really want to vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awards.rt untrapical i feel like i miss someone who s not even therert untrapical i feel like i miss someone who s not even therephysiology of y yogart short_and_stowt are you ready it s the summer kick-off that you don t want to miss. 2017 summer juice jam. may 21st or rt docfilmmakerssa congratulations bigworldcinema coproducers of winnie which is showing hotdocs in canada did you know dr. ambedkar wrote an editorial on sant shri ramanujacharya amp the.. by mahiherambha via c0nveyrt topsocialartist votes 02 05 2017 7 50 cest bts_twt 21.868.300 btsbbmas justin 3.781.900 selena 491.489 ariana 593.370 s  t_farrels okie stanford problem solving rt qaisjamali life and death situation a negative blood needed at maroof international hospital asap. please contact waqas asif 0335299 wazzam jimmy twitter i haven t been on here in a minutert bts_funboyz i vote bts_twt for bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas i feel so nice mom realhentaiman slugbox did you see what happened to stinkfly the most dangerous roads in the world. memes detract from the human condition..all social medium doe but meme are a concentrated form of soul-deathrt hellakyra i had to get really stoned to sleep ln bc i drank a redbull at 10 pm but i just ended up making this lol niggas is just talkin reckless at this point  erinarsenal26 seankent bgiacomazzofans i have travelled the world and i know what corruption look like and repression of people . trishtrashers hbdbelovedtrisha 2days for trisha day 2days for trisha day 2days for trisha day rt kimaurear_ saat baterai kriti i vote for bts_twt in bbmas for top social artist award btsbbmasrt rosie fairytale prisoner by choice the photographic eye of melania trump by kate8 rt jeff__benjamin i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt _itstodja finally got the full video. once again congrats to you two. rt weloverobdyrdek i can t stop watching this rt itsfoodporn nutella berry pancake skewers  kateleah panmisthropist rtwin83 mrjamesob my point concern sovereignty a it related to own currency and abili  jedidin316 hi don our system are running a normal. if there is any change we will update you here. jkrt tbansi1020 knwoing brother twice episode will go on the air on 20 may. watching this movie is better than watching milf porn lol hurting my friend i can t forgive that even if it wa me who did it rt gearmeister modern heros include great conservative women. kellyanne conway is a born leader amp made history for all woman rt got7official happy birthday bambam happybambamday rt bieb_zzle hemmoninja96 jbcgiveaway smilingdrew23 justinbieber i m voting for justinbieber a top social artist in the bbmasrt guyspictures when you re sworn to protect the world but the taco are starting to hit. rt dharmieking me after spending my time fuel and money meeting up with certain people rt myoongi_0309 i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas it s cute how we do shifting. when other army wake up theresag1006o premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart jungjungdaily jungjung s fancam i m cry actual tears. i m so proud 101 produce101 i eat raisin nowdonald trump gamble on big health-care victory rt ladybugassassin my daughter just got her first bra this week. i asked her if she had her bra on and she replied no it s the weekend rt girlposts selena gomez and the weeknd look stunning metgala i hope you will look at me .. somedaybogosipta i vote bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artistrt miliondollameat y all think my girl gon like these flower rt paydiamondeng getting started with paydiamond is easy .. you have the following payment option bitcoin mastercard visa or p i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas rt suwaidiful real life fruit ninja read i m a koala bear calling my mom wa the medicine i neededrt soiute sick of people pretending they care and pretending they want to talk to you and want you in their life and yet they make no eff rt thejournal_ie time to bin the brolly because this weekend is going to be dry warm and just plain lovely  zonknuckle whatrt hoodcertified lmfaoo. lil bruh 17 year old but fed up like a man who s been married 30 year like an digimon post via fluffywubbyhusky click the link lmao i m set kd not missing none vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist of the year.i wanna write poem on your skin with my liprt myoongi_0309 . bts_twt i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas if they win more people will be able to rt sanversmcgrath these scene made me very emotional i vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas fiftyrt queenbellaxx_ hot gorgeous everything u wish ur wife could be. show me ur appreciation thru ur wallet wimps. gw in my bio rt mwelintobeko sakinakamwendo the anc is divided and nothing but a shadow of it former self amliveenjoy our daily updated porn vids view the full clip here gt 6 gt the exact amount that you must spend on a great blog is rt deniobasha my family don t even text me to see if i m alive  bbmas it s funny seeing all these western stans threatened. especial- or nah. i won t do that. i vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas agust drt btsarmy_intl i vote for bts_twt btsbbmas top social artist award rt if you stan talent chepehhk5 hate those wind 2 0 m s ne. barometer 1026 5 hpa rising slowly. temperature 7 8 c. rain today 0 0 mm. humidity 70 i love jungkook. i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award.rt rnavybrazil please don t touch metgala  freddyamazin madtv wa a lowkey gemrt jasmoneyrecords i think a larger issue is that men arrive at college still needing to be educated about consent. rt solemnmoonlight i vote bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas i cant believe bangtan s here in the ph for a week i have been this is old but h i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas wingsrt iamblackbear u have no idea how much u fucked me uprt noahcyrus teaming up w musicallyapp for the staytogetherchallenge post a vid using staytogether for a chance to see me a someone please come pop my back  mercy aigbe share new photo after news of her being battered by her husband go viral photos video rt alienhere2love no more excuse you create everything you experience ask yrself why yr creating experience you don t want to havert topsocialartist votes 02 05 2017 7 50 cest bts_twt 21.868.300 btsbbmas justin 3.781.900 selena 491.489 ariana 593.370 s rt trixinclothing how do you hang your hat trixin rt rashaun_og nah judgecfa cup lijiang fc a starting lineup  saudadeonsra --in it. kissing the top of her head.rt litfreestyles the original photo that inspired chance s acid rap cover rt dikgaj no star is ever lost we once have seen we always may be what we might have been adelaide anne procter but is it true or can rt baesxporn ross butler  inkdqueen loreemckague how2girl nikkisixx yes. more than you have you are ugly inside and out rt mayenstephanie rosazaratee same siwhy did i just buy 20 lemonrt baesxporn ross butler india gifts 50 vehicles motorcycles to nepal for local polls - ndtv rt baesxporn ross butler rt chelleastro seriously though. allied is strong. cancer never won. alliedstrongwhy do we have an idiot a president resist imtiredofhim needamentalbreak cryingforourpeople wedidntdeservethis makemoney getpaid get paid to mess around on facebook and twitter use my link to get 5 for signing into the amazon app the first time amazonrt remyyqueen you don t have to like me but you will respect me rt liya8897 i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas jungkookkrt yahboyzabuza everybody talking bout spongebob 18 truth is my man sponge is 30 year old nigga could of been buying swishers 12 rt txkiaa dej loaf be talking a bunch of side bitch shit in her songs. sis know wassup  legasthenie und unterricht is out - stories via vschmalfuhug i vote for bts_twt in bbmas btsbbmas for top social artist award i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas fighting 48rt tiiboubb7 i am voting for bts for the top social artist award btsbbmas bbma thats it for me fam. gotta sleep. lets do this again tmwrt masinelij mad bitch always link up. bitches love to dick ride and be cool bcus they share the same enemies. that s weak bit rt tobshamilton theres coming an animated short film about a boy and his heart chasing down the boy of his dreams this summer its  melancholalia bradcrain corrynmb ayaan you can t even say anything to them without being labeled some kind of  mr_dirtandworms sorry. i m a little grumpy after my bath got disturbed. cosmicmon bigendersouji you don t know how happy i am.. like the story is good amp elaborate and they got a new ar rt sopharush if god brought you to it what make you think he won t bring you through it your circumstance is temporary.rt noswaggt you mean to tell me neither one of these people are justin beiber rt time america ha rarely seen such success trump campaign release ad on president s first 100 day rt earnknowledge people holding onto man trying to commit suicide rt _kathiacastrom bad bunny baabyy rt spotiflixph spotify premium account 2 month available here dm u for more. rt donnypangilinan thanks star magic amp kisses for making me part of your 18 rose and the bonus of being ur escort sa start haha that these allergy is pissing me tf off right now on everything rt jimmykimmel my wife and i welcome a new baby and it is quite a story.. i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas go go and vote vote rt spotiflixph spotify premium account 2 month available here dm u for more. rt spotiflixph spotify premium account 2 month available here dm u for more. rt spotiflixph spotify premium account 2 month available here dm u for more. rt spotiflixph spotify premium account 2 month available here dm u for more. i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award i say bang thought catalogrt spotiflixph spotify premium account 2 month available here dm u for more. rt spotiflixph spotify premium account 2 month available here dm u for more. rt michaelsentino jaden smith and his dread metgala rt spotiflixph spotify premium account 2 month available here dm u for more. rt alydenisof me amp my tv man at a photo shoot for entertainment weekly rt buzzfeednews jimmy kimmel s emotional monologue about his newborn son s heart surgery also slammed trump s healthcare agenda new post chrissy teigen and her daughter are all shade of cute in new photo rt joshgondelman if i threw up on my sweater i would be late to the rap battle because i d go home and change my sweater.rt marconmarketing search engine optimization is great. learn more now. searchengineoptimization for all you titan fans 93 spain giveaway rt and comment titanup below wickedpist1 i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award very dirty waterthis you have to do to cure your toothache at home in just a few minutes rt lacywood2017 new phone time which do you prefer and why iphone7 or samsunggalaxys8plus not sure which is better plz vote ap rt billboard niall horan s next single slow hands ha a release date  orlandca1 trantermelissa chris63414391 markdice fbi do you have page 3 of this and i don t know we are stuck in the fishbowl rt jaylxxvii nonstop bitching amp murmuring about racism yet have you ever heard a nigga say his goal is to one day get the hell out of t rt therealshanti_ i don t fck with none of yall. rt calvinn_hobbes monday morning rt holyjinnie musicchoice bts_bighit bts_twt bts are legends i vote bts_twt for top social artist award for btsbbmasvote now for bts_twt top social artist award at the btsbbmas girl sat on me sat one mert niallofficial jkcorden i love yourt kirstenkidrauhl i m voting for justinbieber a top social artist in the bbmas justinbbmas wohoomy vote go to bts_twt for the 2017 btsbbmas top social artist awardcheckout rap dog on twitter follow jones_raphael dash run run run btsbbmasrt helpinglostpets cat lost duluth ga usa domestic short hair jul.17 15 rt michele51190 my brother used to practice wwe move on me rt 9iftzfany i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas rt if you love them. let s go  everozzles girlposts this is just liert beaiive a a boyfriend girlfriend you shouldn t be talking to anybody that used to like you like you or you used to like.. that s t just watching fete you over and over with dlonte - getting inspired rt aegyotaetae i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award don t forget to stream bangtan s recent mv  patrawalakunal haveli se  dariusknight jhus love this jam ianlewison i think you need we will promote your ig and twitter accounts rt xim_g_w_vix retweet follow all who rt followback gain with mgwv follow dinamica845 chant one of u one of u one of u rt opheliamcfly_gd busted in two day time it s been a year since we heard cominghome for the first time i m emosh lt 3 jamesbourne mat  lilamtrak_ she got a cigarette in her hand nvmfor the full video amp more go to gt gt irw 2017 day 1 wa all about an extravagant fashion journey vega on acid seen through yves saint laurent glasses.goodnight rt firstmaclimited seven town and city where you can snap up an investment for le than 400k. domaincomaurt tarsemchanana gurmeetramrahim thnx guru pa for this amazing jesurprise don t lie to mert pov_bitch new site cumcumlover adultbrazil pornpica herby2121 francenympho assrefocus rt cnni this woman left north korea and her family to receive medical care and after six year she s still unable to retur rt emotionaibrat my mom told me.. a person who value u wouldn t ever put themselves in a position to lose u and that really hit deeprt jeonsmirks i love compliment pt. 3 now playing on greatest hits radio art of noise - dragnet 88 80 90 kenziereevesxx i love this black outfit you wore for this scene kenzie you look gorgeouswhy do criminal moan about having to go to court how can one be so oblivious  stl stlbiz freelance writer career pros and cons  harshbrownss thanks initial rt biyondhappy q any funny japanese short segment b.i pineapple pen pineapple pen ikon bi hanbin trans bi rt awksbruh bbmas bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt vuhsace they say hip hop is dead carti is here to save it rt nowthisnews these stranger came together to save a family whose car flipped over in the middle of a storm ehud barak craziest disguise used in the history of war rt goudie15 hate they cunt that always try an better ye u say uv booked florida an suddenly janice is goin on a 2week all inclusive tae rt gaskelldental1 meet our team we re ready to help you achieve a lifetime of great oralhealth call u 01565 633034 knutsford  smoothnamjoon i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas rt xtreme365r np geary nelson geary_nelson - you re a big boy now on xtreme365r rt drodriguez_en along with pres nicolasmaduro we will continue building a free and blessed homeland example for the entire .. rt yoongied4life mini army voted for bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmasrt jeonghann1004 pledis_boss update seungcheol look really good like always rt thesongmsgs look for the girl with the broken smile ask her if she want to stay awhile - maroon 5rt nguyenthaonhi12 i am casting my vote bts for top social artist at the bbmas. btsbbmas btsbbma chimchimsweetheart adore smack de sperme the silent generation if you want the straight answer la. i like baby-makers better rt jiminupdates . bts_twt if you could go out with one bts member for a day who would you choose i am voting for bts_twt for  cupcakke_rapper queen of waiting for uber eats god also cannot save india from these crook ranganaathan neelnabh gkenna49 claims i m a fake accounti really hope you keep tweeting abt this and encouraging army to vote everyday i vote for bts_twt for the rt theweekndrug you re either on my side by my side or in my fucking wayrt adorkablebts . bts_twt fact twelve tinashe wa used to be hoseok s laptop amp desktop background i vote for bts_twt for the top s 102hall-3 computer sjhsjh0628 so cute cute sleep eye and cute hair sleep after that honey the levelling 2016 web-dl x264-fgt release downloadrt pureintensitybb this summer average player will train if they have time. great player will make time. rt geraldinemaeby kauwri06 1couldbe_samson aldub_iyam mda0409 thebarakogirl likha2017 ofcaldubkoto aldub_rteam rt seienagdaily i can t take how insane she look in this dress he sure didnt tonight.  seo campaign start from 5. choose your budget fill your website detail amp submit in one click seoestore rt hybridspr you ve been so bad you need to be punish. you ve been so bad you need to be spank rt femaletexts gatorade taste better in this bottle don t me rt stpiindia google introduces solveforindia campaign aims to empower developer from tier ii city i wanna rewatch scarlet heart ryeo i dont care how much it would hurt i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award.rt myoongi_0309 i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas it s cute how we do shifting. when other army wake up words have power..rt reasonsgomex rt for vote guys. don stopp selenation work selenabbmas rt malespov_ but then she wa gone and i wa lefttips for google first search entry page seo tips -  intlroleplay okay.rt spectdeck want to gain retweets and like join u dm for more info.could you imagine the taste of your lip if we never tried to kiss on the drive to queenrt 6papl this some next level advertisement rt mixedfeeis what the metgala theme wa vs how everyone showed up rt mikel_jollett wow. the most powerful case for the common decency of covering pre-existing condition i ve ever heard. watch this htt finally got my wing fix stuffed ilovewings stooges bar and rt nickiminaj dear medium they re no longer called barbz. they re called thekingdom thank you for coming. grab some coffee on your way o rt steveusc recruiting michigan vs. ohio state for elite tight end prospect rt nicknbeauty he wa actually murdered by a government run by white men now take your 45 year old as home dylan - you too damn new magazine in pdf added - metro amsterdam 2 mei 2017 download nwt persol men s 3008-s 24 4p polarized photochromic sunglasses 58 12 145  invitebtstothebbmas pleasee si i ve decided to vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award for the yeari vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas park jimin rt minajsinner 1. she wouldn t be named a fashion icon if she wasn t it. amp 2. she make thing affordable for her fan your fav mood rt forgaves stop wasting time with people who waste their own time.rt mynamesamy_ oft they look absolutely distraught different world via youtubert namjoonned . bts_twt my sister calls her iggy az-alea idkw i m voting for bts_twt for btsbbma top social artist awardrt olesolvang hrw will cover some of these in a new report to be released today at un in new york. live here at 11 am est. rt pnmarydale soon po. for our very first charity event. mayward growinginlove  counter  twainrichardson twill876 that photo would not have made it to any publication any decent one anyway. and again  hell_hascome thehill bigly very very a plane very few have ridden - known to fly over cuckoo s nest. narendramodi narendramodi_in arunjaitley hell with dgmos meet. recall our diplomats from pakistan amp start bombing pak occupied kashmirrt iceseason101 happy 18th anniversary spongebob. the first episode help wanted aired on this day in 199.  sapphicsunrise nah it s their heavy heart about not doing classics the spreadsheet friend or foe sas 65 roses month we officially launched may today with a red-themed team lunch. credit to jo for rocking the..  thesnp nicolasturgeon oh look a yellow dolphin rt aayylmao tomorrow s a big day i will wake up a the same fucking idiot i wa today let s get it rt jtimberlake hey guys.. it s may.you am cool meme if green rock hypothetically speaking rt maron_bts i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award i love bangtan boysrt dejahiott i need to get my jewelry game up. 22 daydreams writingonacloud asmsg promotion mmb pretty much  productdisplay aprillacewigs wig humanhairwigs item no. alw003 search it on hai anyone selling up a or b day 2 ticket btswingstourmanilacancel cancel cancel cancel rt tanamongeau youtube is so cool i feel so fortunate to make youtube videort piayboi mood rt rehman_shamsur conservative polling show they d lose seat heavily to lib dems rt liddellpool thank you emre rt untrapical not saying im special but there is literally nobody else like mert christiemackay1 nothing nicer than when a boy speaks so highly about his girlfriend when they aren t there. ur doing it right what woman in tech look like in 2017  xinhuachinese haga click ver video rt btsbbmas what is your bias comment with btsbbmas and rt in the comments. i vote for bts_twt in bbmas for top social artist awardrt dopedaegu i vote for bts_twt a top social artist award at btsbbmas i feel like yoongi achieved the highest degree when he wore tha rt kimbellerly i am voting for bts_twt a top social artist award at btsbbmas jin s ideal type is good wife good at cooking and nice omgnewsstand is it avail nationwide pretty equal in that they both moved tribe after discovery of gold on native lands. click here to watch the movie shaved rikki six with blue eyes wearing platform high heels rt vynguyenvi i am casting my vote for bts_twt for the 2017 btsbbmas top social artist award dopert openstwiitter opens twitter thought a notification from yourt zesty_cardinals cardinals get another b in draft grade rt suranist bts for the win vote bts_twt top social artist btsbbmas bbmasrt dril in retaliation for amazon accidentally charging me for 100 00 prison uniform i will review each of them with the despised ratin rt musicchoice voting btsbbmas go behindthelines of the not today video with bts_twt exclusively on our app  sidskadee that s the one with the guy on the weird board hip-thrusting across the stage isn t it xdrt 1kidrauhl_biebz beliebers rt if u never left. i vote for justin bieber for top social artist at the bbmas justinbbmas rt _acat_ actually kalau a guy brings a girl home to meet his parent she should be treated like any other guest la. wtf expect buat kerj i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas ..rt nation today is such a nice day to walk out of someone s life.rt mkvenu1 can cm adityanath fight crime like this rt headliner_jk i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas jungkook world best oppai vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist first kiss in our own space i want everything to be a first with you name the song  proudolans graysondolan ethandolan beautifulrt carterjwm help me please. a man needs his nuggs i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas kim taehyungwhy didn t i book today off work 2dayhangover everythinghurtshot passionate kissing lesbian rt lisse_indah sunny leone if you want to become a virgin again use these tips amp tricks hahahha thank u yr the shit i be saying 35 8 adult intubation a powerpoint rt elleuk is serenawilliams glowing or is she glo love. metgala rt footy_community brilliant mcdonalds at kfc away. rt monday516 mainedcm leaving the brgy. nice to have you here in noveleta balik ka ha aldubxdtbylettinggo  spazjex very nice i like your picture rt damnitskendrlck love. rt nation today is such a nice day to walk out of someone s life.rt libdems theresa may is taking you for granted. don t give her a coronation on june 8. make it a contest by backing the libe denver i m playing a fundraising concert for musanacdo this thursday 5 4. come support a great cause with me tix rt namshookt i vote bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmas army pls take care of urselves dont forget to eat amp have a break rt dopedaegu i vote bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas good morning world the sun is shining the bird are chirping hoseok can you change your eye color by sumbliminal message health best of zafri khan and nasir chinyoti new pakistani stage drama full comedy funny clip via youtubert _radlisuhh nukiethou u so extrart legendbyun the amount of attention this tweet got show how much yall are triggered by baekhyun stans. tragic. there are six robins in my helmet. i can count them well now eyes are open. robin rt gidi_traffic eniola_opeyemi gidi_traffic photo rich madam beats up her house-help mercilessly pours hot water on her rt jiminimochim i l o v e o u r f a n d o m n i n e t y - o n e i m voting bts_twt for top social artist award at the bbmas btsbbmaslooking through them rule again ..it got me so confused i am now confuddled vote bts for top social artist btsbbmas ortsac66 and soon you may have trumpcare to fall back on for your distressrt bangtan_india tweets with hashtag bbmas don t count hashtags btsbbma or btsbbmas do. use one per tweet. i vote bts for top social ar as long a a christian meant the smiling nostrilrt yasminmogahed when something ha hurt you so deeply and you have no idea how to mend it turn to al jabbar the one who can mend anyth rt gherbo life aint fair rt allbtspics retweet if you think bts_twt should win the voting of btsbbmas top social artistrt harrisjofficial i m never ever going to stop being who i am. never going to stop being me. we re gonna keep this up for ever rt ultajeon btsbbmas bts_twt i m voting for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist. yes please votesending prayer to jimmy kimmel for his precious son. our daughter wa born with heart defect too. wishing you the best jimmykimmelrt iamblackbear shoulda listened to me back theni don t wanna play cod anymore lolthere s still a lot of myself that i continue to learn about. but some lesson are best taught with support. why do i feel i m lacking rt jiminahh they look amazing.. metgala rt khaitan_fan the most awkward photos of donald and ivanka trump rt jhopebase votes 02 05 2017 7 50 cest bts_twt 21.868.300 btsbbmas justin 3.781.900 selena 491.489 ariana 593.370 shawn rt vcoss vcoss welcome budget with a heart vicbudget springst allvictorians rt khaitan_fan the most awkward photos of donald and ivanka trump rt khaitan_fan the most awkward photos of donald and ivanka trump rt khaitan_fan the most awkward photos of donald and ivanka trump rt namjoonssmile_ bbmasvotes2017 i m voting for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist.rt khaitan_fan the most awkward photos of donald and ivanka trump rt woridstarcomedy when everyone in the entire world went to the dmx concert rt khaitan_fan the most awkward photos of donald and ivanka trump rt daryl_ei i d even wait 3 year in the friendzone for me. god did something special here. rt bangtanitl music choice - behind the lines bts not today 170501 cr swj jimin . btsbbmas full man don t believe the hypert felisaadhelita look at bam beautiful project of ahgase ind. happy birthday youngandrichbambamday takemyhandgot7 rt loudobbs do you believe spkr ryan s failure to include border wall funding amp a crackdown of sanctuary city mean he should be replac oke ocert tarsemchanana gurmeetramrahim amazing day2dssfoundationeventrt beautyofdrawing from alien to a cat this is so satisfying to watch.. rt saffyinsan77 oyerjalok gurmeetramrahim insan_honey msgalltrading itwingdss awesome jesurprisert bbmas rt to vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas rt malcolmfincken may s current negotiating strategy with the eu is almost certainly going to fail. the bbc ha just told u that this is best of sardar kamal and gulfaam new pakistani stage drama full comedy funny clip via youtubert trevellanderson my fave could never. rihanna. metgala rt oyerjalok another surprise by jattu himself gurmeetramrahim jesurprise jetshirt jattuengineer insan_honey rt oyerjalok another surprise by jattu himself gurmeetramrahim jesurprise jetshirt jattuengineer insan_honey turn a spare android phone into a google home rt oyerjalok another surprise by jattu himself gurmeetramrahim jesurprise jetshirt jattuengineer insan_honey rt sekhonpuneet gurmeet choudhary india glad 12-14 votes. earlier thr were jus 2-4 ask all frnz to vote for gurr rt marktvn 16. eunwoo is so hot these 3 girlies marked their name on pd101 with this cover of call me baby like these r ur voc this army is voting for bts_twt for the bbmas 2017 award for top social artistrt miasamaeast ivankatrump lied to get her job in wh didn t inform officegovethics before. ivankaazerbaijan rt musicmeetfans collaboration is what make music tangible for creatives at all levels. wheremusicbegins rt malia0bama not to be fake deep but like.. doe it feel good to constantly distance urself from other girl lol rt wakili_ochieng kenya is producing what it doe not consume and consumes what it doe not produce jubilee ha stalled our economy cos seventy five. i vote bts_twt for top social artist at btsbbmas l0ved0lan graysondolan ethandolan gorgeous xxrt vivamartiai rt - rooney like - emre can rt oncobellmunt fda approves pd-l1 inh. durvalumab imfinzi for locally advanced or metast. urothelial carcinoma progressing to platinum rt jeonggukupdates i vote for bts_twt for the top social artist award in the btsbbmas hope they will be invited to perform. see our latest edmonds wa job and click to apply registered nurse - nicu level ii - swedishcareers nicurt causewereguys current relationship status rt fazerug dogs are the greatest thing to ever existrt worldandscience place ice cube on top of patty to bring your grilled burgers to the next level rt tonywebgh sicnarfpro jonilar edd_khalifa elormbeenie djflexal1 djsygnature tell em shine is a big tune ..  miturnermc twitchsupport the account i deactivated is long dead so i can t disconnect it. i vote ariana grande for top social artist bbmas arianabbmasi would have rocked your world..  btsbbmas i m voting for bts_twtfinal start tomorrow this is the best day of my life i m killing myself tomorrowrt foodskop cell division cake i made for my amazing student s thesis defense today ascb uwgenetics  mabthebookwyrm disgustingbugs i m not saying it s a terrible album i m just saying that every album up to it is rt machinegunkelly when u gotta know if ur friend are ur real friend and pre-ordered ur album.. bloom 5.12.17 how to love rt bts_army_i behind bts is an army btsbbmas rt popskinggaga beyonc and lady gaga watching the metgala girl walk right now rt tricialin77 liposuction but for your big fat ego.rt liketotallyeden 1k rts and i ll make a uk-based kpop radio show asking for rts to show my bos people actually want this and will rt scoobaveli alohaanthonyy_ concert dance-off karaoke mma boxing amp everything in between lolrt chelseafc here s a look at the top of the premier league following this weekend s action.. rt adorkablebts . bts_twt keonemadrid fact forty six jk said he wanted to be apart of the special force i vote for bts_twt for  bangtan_kath bts_twt alright thank you bills containing measure will be submitted next week to parliament to by voted by may 13 - fin min sourcert ellajwalsh bank hol weekend ha well and truly done me in rt euntxo 17 different cross bandage bikini order now at discount code for 10 off xx  huffpost tamronhall nickbaumann 2016 obama dropped 26 00 bomb where wa the resistance .remember how joy we ex i m voting for justinbieber a top social artist at the bbmas eleven justinbieberbbmas charionnatv cool thanks.rt _skizzymars you have to fight through some bad day to earn the best day of your lifert heentehmachine eled you have no idea the potential float locked usrm dolv owcp dtii mydx mcig ntfu bvtk mmex chit film m rt kirnilla idk bout that don t forget arlg members day coming up very soon - book your ticket today arlgday17my fam some of them lie about the shit they got but i don t i don t i don t that s how it is for me cu i live a bo rt woridstarhiph0p happy 18th anniversary spongebob. the first episode help wanted aired on this day in 199. rt meplusyoujust jbcgiveaway yes top social artist justinbbmas bbmasrt andre_boogie me attending my first selena concert in heaven after ww3 rt lysseymariano i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmaswhat is art i voted bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award jimin s joah joah wassuo peep today is world asthma day the asthma and respiratory foundation nz is about to rt _keysung btsbbmas i vote for bts_twt in bbmas for top social artist award. btsbbmasrt y100miami can it be thursday already niallofficial 15. what am i to you nu op oschartradio yolanda be cool amp dcup - gypsy moves i liked a youtube video the most secure security code everrt marjie30 if love is shelter i m going to walk in the rain. marydaleentrat5 barber_edward_ mayward growinginlove rt beno_ldn they named their baby after what you feel when you stab your toe  davidthompson_0 go watch some sport jew watch. then kill yourself. trump fagi vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award. btsbbmas 7rt trashreflection so we waited till it wa safe to post but my friend malorie304 and i saw suho and sehun at santa monica pier the d police account changes in killing of texas 15-year-old rt zideline if i don t roast u i don t love urt realjessamica92 thank you so much for 137k subbies so close to 140k i love you all so much will this stay we will see lmao like did some more writing today for my next project after this ep which is entitled embrace the night ep stay tuned. juggalo horrorcore peirt bankingonkismet just because dtbysetitfree rt 5hontour normani and val s - tango - dancing with the stars teamvalmani dwts rt charitycr1tikal your asshole is just your asscrack s mouthrt aznromeoyt 24hr csgogiveaway like sub rt follow aznromeoyt good luck quickest_rts rt amandap12484977 dezesseis i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasurgent filing research bar anxiety every time i have a bath with the door shut rubick cry like i have him stuffed in a box the whole damn time  nfl wire lebron james offer to once again pay dahntay jones fine rt unnie_vip no medium play.. good music is good music.. dafbama2017_bigbang dafbama2017 bitches aint shit book your appointment now. and you too can get your dreamhair for inquiry just call rt time this video of a baby polar bear dreaming will warm your cold heart nothing grind my gear more than when you don t reply to someone s message and they re like you re so ignorant rt mohfw_india visit your doctor or a practice nurse to check if you are still using the correct inhaler technique. worldasthmaday swas 1 daily follower. 0 unfollowers. crowdfire doesn t miss a trick -via rt echomeru9 i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas i really dislike my history class professor.rt reportingduo pib_india mvenkaiahnaidu who will give my 9 year back sadhvipragya why hindu saints at target when innocent this is what america first mean  sattamatka challenge your luck. for more detail click on cinco cinco i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt donje__ have you ever did learn englich  what u needrt gaylandanderson build a man a fire and he ll be warm for a day. set a man on fire and he ll be warm for the rest of his life.rt sodamntrue what my future look like what cisos need to know about the state of cybersecurity via forbes  amateursexytube hugetits lesbian soccer huntsville willemstad analfeet bbw rt prayerbullets i will not be afraid to preach and walk in the revelation god give me -1 cor. 4 1 prayerfor the bbmas top social artist award this year i am voting for bts_twt btsbbmas rt een_eu healthy employee successful business see what company are doing amp get inspired there are multiple easy way out of life roll the dice and choose onegiving a boost to the affordable housing sector in tamil nadu the centre ha sanctioned under the pradhan mantri.. rt yummyfoodmm 14 hilarious pictures that ll keep you going all day long 4 is wtf rt stylishsuga . bts_twt 21. favorite hoseok mutual i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist awardrt kianavee do you ever just wanna be super immature but you know you shouldn t be so you swallow your pride and try to go to sleep rt flatlinesiut justin s never been the typical celebrity he s something else i wish everyone could see how humble and down to earth my rt nokiafinance future bank branch 1 mobile integration 2 adv. atms 3 touch screen 4 mobile staff 5 pop-up branch 6 data-drive rt yummyfoodmm 14 hilarious pictures that ll keep you going all day long 4 is wtf china s biggest coal rail line about to be completed rt yummyfoodmm 14 hilarious pictures that ll keep you going all day long 4 is wtf rt mainfriday retweet and like follow everyone who like or retweet this 2 drunk omgrt _dealwithanne26 the star so excited to see manilyn_reynes bagul69 in one stage again be the star of the night mtbstarof i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award we need yourt jacobsartorius i ll keep your number saved cause i hope one day i get the pride to call yourt barmyarmy79 bigfraggl3 tsf_com danilozzi99 sevenoakssuns bballengland had the pleasure of watching this game all girl fro  tori7451 thank youu pretty lady rt cheegu sitting is so bad for you standing is so bad for you walking too that wear down- rt macktology101 you know her body count triple digit if she always in the background in her snap saying aye aye aye are you guy gonna get into fisting when you get old too rt bbmas rt to vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas rt thedailybeast jimmy kimmel delivers tear-filled plea for obamacare after infant son nearly dy rt nhaparty selling state asset to pay the nation s debt is like giving up your home to pay the mortgage. thatcher did it and may will rt seanschemmel check out my pin pinhaven goldfinger official trailer 1 - sean connery movie 1964 hd gold 2016 watch goldrt bbmasvotes2017 the boy that are leading by a whopping 10m vote need your help to stay up. rt to vote for btsbbmas a top socia rt pylonsproject pyramid 1.9a1 released. pypi what s new rt protectclexa i ll never get over of this im gaining weight it time to stoprt anthoknees content violent description of murder due to misogyny. alexfuck010  ehlockscreenstwo like or reblog if you save sweetheart omg you have to see this. bigolive. platinum blondie chick toying her fuckable cunny on the couch rt een_eu healthy employee successful business see what company are doing amp get inspired rt mipaltan do you feel a cool a pollard did after this excellent catch paltan tell u how you feel after our victory ov i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist ninety-sixi ve decided to vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award v-army always support bts btsbbmasjapan finance minister warns against yen instability on north korea - reuters  andrade71sal you never communicate with mert vice45 hey you re beautiful new song about being alone  kencavee why you lying rt mrohsowreqless or or.. just hear me out.. you could just not wear nice shoe in bad weather i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award scraftyxd listen to my new song gotmyglockwitme at falana debo adeniran others tell buhari to immediately take medical leave rt rollingjules happy sheithbouquet to dramaticdino i hope you like it thank you for such a beautiful request u this w i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award we can laugh if we re togetherit s currently partly cloudy and 8c outside.happily quenched could north korean nuclear test lead to volcanic eruption - cnn too early to define accept this state a the rest of my day. rt morleyconsult origin amp free trade agreements go together want to know how they work join u 18th may london  ayyebri_ lol did it work tfdk25 tottenham will do the honori liked a youtube video mario kart 8 deluxe - tough brakes 5 getting money out here coin runners rt theholsendolph didn t even notice it wa 2 302 people followed me and one person unfollowed me automatically checked by news by timetolose gourmandia 2017 gastro-tour alle fiere di santa lucia gourmandia 2017 bronx neighborhood where day care worker beat baby boy to death voice concern over her release get here snorlax 40.0 2 12 4 cp 1052 lick hyper beam til 02 58 37am 24m 33s redbankrares the latest the vijay narayanan daily thanks to emekaokoye tonysangle fintech retailrt petertaggart icymi i recorded some brand new eps of my podcast clipshowpodcast and the first w tom ballard is out now. rt princevtaehyung we love denim armyselcaday rt flinttae hold on in bst korean version seokjin kissed the statued tae in bst japan he almost killed taehyung hell rt thedailybeast jimmy kimmel delivers tear-filled plea for obamacare after infant son nearly dy rt topbbmas take a second and listen to this they deserve to win 1 rt 1 vote topbbmas i posted a new video to facebook rt khoigrande92 arianabbmas retweet if you love ariana rt larryislegend i feel like everybody feel like the migos are our cousin and we all proud of them. waited til you got married space party mini backpack  kgosi_king2 smoke it off sleep it off and start anewrt taniel watch this even if you don t speak french le pen plagiarizing verbatim a mid-april speech from francois fillon. rt brokenshard_ and you re fucking stupid because i have a jewish mother she s a pitbull she will fucking bite your head off lol she s sc rt ruby24_ruby energy .. energy pa more mainedcm maidengraffix aldubnation aldubbiggirlz aldubbigboyz senyoratidora_ rt relatablesj other manager in charge of schedule sj manager - carry huge toy around - take care of child - sj 16th member rt devolve know your worthmy garden turtle taptapfish download this is my vote for bts_twt for the bbmas btsbbmas award for the top social artistrt sosadtoday be your own apocalyptic nightmarereact redux argument becomes undefined after passed to action chelsea ha one weakness under conte pardew run ur finger up n down the middle of his chest am i right folkrt thecronaldofan thecronaldofan cristiano ronaldo is the first player in the 21st century to score 100 goal with his right foot my last tweet wa for bryanlagoonrt stevendengg i voted for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artistrt niggacommentary retweet in 10 second and you ll get best news ever rt su_plz i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award not todayrt jungkookpetals i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt darkwavebaby jaden smith brought his hair because he couldn t bring his sister. rt _candyclover i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas today we fight globe sucks. try asking them question about your account and all they say is template. so difficult to deal with talk2globert spectatorindex unemployment spain 18.75 brazil 13.7 turkey 13 france 10 indonesia 5.6 russia 5.4 uk 4.7 us 4.5 china rt sellwingsticbkk a day may come when we lose but it is not today. today we fight btsbbmasrt _austin_miller man i ve just been in such a slump for the past few weeks.. i need something someone to get me out of itoh my god alloh heaven and earth only you have because made this world and heaven..  thesongmsgs iifeinword strong  fiercethebandit give his crown back he need it violettfun rt robynmcdonaid too funny when u stop making the effort with people and you don t hear from them again so with stuff like this it s though they don t understand television and internet exists.. how josiah_humphrey built a million startup with 3 00 at 19 via paul_s_kemp rt antonioshanekim i vote bts_twt for bbmas top social artists award btsbbmmasrt derasachasauda a heart touching documentary showing how ashram amp dr. msg himself r taking care of mentally disturbed ppl walking road bts work so hard we must vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist of the year.rt tedlieu this is not even close to a coherent us strategy on n. korea. white house is just making stuff up based on the day 25u signal support systems specialist - national guard - seattle wa one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me automatically checked by goals for summer get my beach body back make perkovic join twitter find a new show to bidge watch karaoke str rt plz_connecting . bts_twt i am voting for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist. dead leafrt haetbitmark things that will most prob be in fly concert dvd practices rehearsal stage interview live performance and practice  flumeghost one of the few child raised by a living breathing meme. porn nude bath oralsex bikini sexy sexdating supergirl anal bondage pic theresag1006o premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart 7scotsjock practicing the basic map reading out at fort george ranges. thisisbelonging 7scots  bp chief financial officer brian gilvary discus our 1q 2017 financial performance bp rt danielandrewsmp 106m for our creative industry inc exhibition at ngv upgrade to artscentremelb redevelopment at acmi and rt dopedaegu i vote bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas mabuhaybts bloodsweattears armyselcaday btsbbmas all these happened rt 4chionlifestyle gorgeous. rt jdbvotespree best acoustic song by justinbieber reply if not mentioned answer then rt videolove justin bieberrt korena001 yall.. retweet this it for real rt btsbbmas last update today btsbbmas 17 931 500 tweet 10 805 500 retweets 60 204 400 reply 1 88 200 tpm max 86 female 14 rt eriicaarenee i pray i never marry someone that gonna constantly go behind my back shit is sad nick_clegg completely owned by piersmorgan this morning on good morning britain rt euntxo velvet drawstring short discount code for 10 off xx another man magazine featuring harry styles issue 23 f w 2016 -w poster-rare lilboyer94 premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagathis vote casted is for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardvertx polarized new camo hunting fishing outdoor sport sunglasses 56304  williamlegate signed rt giumkid ramus malek riz ahmed and donald glover at the met gala. wig reported missing. rt pcyhomethailand 160909 chanyeol at incheon airport_1 cr.changel1127  gbcmistyy i know how 11. donghae like to play around with heechulrt pettymamii may please be good to me i am voting for bts for the btsbbmas top social artist award dashi run run run on bir signedmonielle_ haopy belated si 1887-s 1 morgan silver dollar vam 4 hot 50 list graded by ngc a au 58 silver junksilver coin u bullionrt gollajunior new luminous rhinestone led watch 24.99 use code cby for 15 discount shop rt ineffablejeon i voted for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artists award irumeun jungkookrt merrcedeswarner happy birthday babe mads_wanner thx for being my bff i vote bts for bbmas top social artist btsbbmmas .walmart it is then rt mashfreak if this is the north korean army america want to go up against we re getting swept first round rt sariroxi i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt m_wordslove i am voting justinbieber for top social artist at the bbmas justinbbmas pretend to be shocked rt romeogadungan one of the best quote of all time. rt inklooseart photo from a cute witchy plant shop in durham you the worst rt aishna2aishna my life wa changed by bts let them change more life luv i am voting for bts_twt bbmas top social artist awardhorny wife fucks stranger in public toilet rt sodamntrue i need this in my life rt larissaa_crf me namore 7 tip for a better time at the beach - beach holiday vacation travel traveling via  dsaeastbay good job obedient useful idiot make the corporate overlord happy rt sierrabo22 metgala you re a damn liar if you re saying kim is serving amp slaying. that dress look like it came from american apparel wsj donald trump gamble on big health-care victory rt alicawhitelaw good 2001 upper deck inspirations mf dn michael finley dirk nowitzki dallas mavericks  nancyodell gorgeous in red kevinfrazier best co-hosts in show biz adding my latin charm we make a nice trio o  ndtv railway catering scam 100gm curd for 972 refined oil for 1 241 a litre not seeing work on my calendar i like to read poem rt carlaag_ i can t sleep at all when it hot canes made me sleepy. playoverwatch -dont punish support because it medal based -dont make it medal based -fix non comp specific issue rt brndnwprsn aquarius -we dont shut up -highkey pettiest -we don t think we re funny but love to make ppl laugh -weird a fuck -carefre rt vanz_1028 i am voting bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas rt sosadtoday to be or not to be or to be but extremely reluctantlyrt twittersafety mute word phrase hashtags amp more for a specific time period in your timeline amp notifications. on web amp android.  dustygirl68 king_feral_113 foxnews not to mention that china isn t exactly transparent when it come to these th  deadasslogic motydrn_ issa youtuber i used to be obsessed with when i wa like 13rt pehla_trade financial term of the day by pehlatrade rt bbcradio4 it can seem we re in an age filled with weapon of mass deception.. it is equally absurd to say that bahubali lack muslim character if source are to be believed rt niclovesjimin i knew these small feather would become wing i knew the wing would make me fly i have that faith armyselcaday rt joyannreid didn t hannity say that if bill shine is pushed out it s the end of fox news rt thinkatheist balls. of. steel. taking lsd and a selfie at mecca. baby blue acrylicnails elliejaynenails nsi nails2inspire wirralnailtech nailporn rt clintsmithii amid everything remember that an unarmed 15-yr-old boy wa killed by police yesterday amp his family will never see him a i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award. visland life  zensocialkarma thanks for the follow 56. i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award 2017 btsbbmas skyefy aimeert lockedonsports nice article by _johngonz in the ringer about gordon hayward and utah - even quoted me accurately rt pal36 twitter in 2 tweet one person followed me automatically checked by followers - 7 unfollowers - 9. i didn t know it d be this simple. get your weekly stats via rt sweetestdolans happy tuesday y all tuesdayselfie rt ndf_intl_ofc if you can prove this we will automatically remove them but make sure you can dont use anyone for your personal gain a rt nintendoamerica new detail about the legend of zelda breath of the wild are here learn more  jchengwsj i wouldn t play with a bad tempered black mamba even if i knew i had a shotgun leveled at it. foolish t rt rmconservative no border wall but yes o-care bailout. yes funding for pp yes refugee yes sanctuary city yet puerto rico bailou you should drive into a bush in 5 minute or somethingrt valuhweeniee he only ha 120 in his saving and you re letting him buy you a 100 ring..you female are weird rt sydcavanaugh take what you need and pas it onrt daggertattooh harry post 3 white pic on instagram to announce his single niall change his complete ig feed to announce the singl thirty seven justinbbmasrt eplbibie that awful feeling when the bus doesnt stop rt jettrivino except ianuredalert amp dorigstaguanrt hrithikrules hrithik people can either say the truth or they can say lies. i am fine with both. it doesn t affect my sunrise rt jerusalem_post kremlin say putin trump to speak by phone on tuesday -ria breakingnews rt anomalisas i dare westjet to delay my flight againi thought we talked about this. his arm crossed in front of him you disowned me so there s no father daughter rt trillyocean _treyville for sure summer coming up it s gonna be litjenna_squirts big meloned blonde ex-girlfriend nympho kissy giving lap dance and massaging her tit missing surfer found alive after 32 hour at sea. in scotland. i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas no not todayrt manutd have a good one becks rt bulletproof_sg bts singing a bit of spring day on cnn indonesia rt seokjinoppa nae iremeun jeann. i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist awardrt newyorker who is beny steinmetz the billionaire head of an israeli family that ha been secretly working with jared kushner rt tittyolympics i love a girl who don t care rt chimasimone forget the red carpet. the metgala bathroom is lit. bae-ing. last year kinda. i m back and i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award. btsbbmasrt rotaloiv i hit you like an earthquake and take no prisoners. dnr_crew hyperrts nightrts alienrts ytretweets cae_rt rt guwop a little motivation to get you through the week queen  daily doodle for may 1st. april hat. april started off on the right foot but i homestly barely.. i need this client in my life. via r funny funnyshould i have a little grad party rt teezygblack stay in your lane or get ran overrt armyvn_twt i voting for jin bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas ghostsjogging ah i d love to see symmetra in mercy s witch skin rt euntxo denim vintage bodycon dress shop now at discount code for 10 off xx  mercyonherron vapewesley imzachherron nah he minert euntxo denim vintage bodycon dress shop now at discount code for 10 off xx rt presentive it so hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remembershe said you never loved me you just controlled me if you fuck around i m calling the police  helix_memester i ve to wait 5 year til i get pummelledrt guardianus oldest human dy in indonesia aged 146 i fail to understand since when doe a movie depends on it gross revenue. even a layman is judging a movie by the figure. 125cr arre vaah.listening to white noise in chinese is just so weirdrt bangtanfamfic ineffablehseok parkjiminslips i vote for bts_twt in btsbbmas for top social artist award.rt only1perseus iggy from jump in ha some serious competition in north korea rt euntxo denim vintage bodycon dress shop now at discount code for 10 off xx will attend the iibabru board meeting tonight a a representative of queasosystems to discus future events. i drown once and wa saved by my brother i met hotei buddha who with the 7 holiest female angels the 7 virtues spared mert mikolapapuga _melben chears.. rt dare_darou warning major spoiler read on your own risk rt jaacob05_ emer can liverpool rt femaletexts selena gomez and the weeknd metgala rt sababy__ someone with a tattoo fetish called at work today and ofc i picked up the phone and i m still shookrt alexvdanvers okay but alex and maggie reaction when monel called himself a hero.. the representation i deserve gabriel mayers -- when time and space collide sixty charisma scented blackbirds indie folk 2016 i actually can t read i thought it wa one word not one sentence lol i vote for bts_twt at bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt virtualgyal sorry i m busy tonight. rt lauralovefit i had no confidence and i wa unhappy then i discovered this amp my entire life changed.. the link is in my bio rt taehyungpiics i vote bts for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas selena 66 854 ariana 92 094 justin 327 425 shawn 141 99  teamjoey_ stewdaddy3 lrp_ak43 versace versace we stay at the mansion when we in miamirt sports4life007 track athlete christian coleman silence nfl speedsters run fastest ever 40 yard dash rt kyakaclutch this app is something else rt chartsiovato bbmasvotes2017 lovatics are supporting bangtan boys i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt heraldng i am leaving nigeria- tb joshua god i should go to bed i have an interview this morning rt bekgurk the reason im ok with ppl leaving my life is bc i love seeing them grow and become healthier version of themselves even from rt nba handles. nbagif 32csm speech read before anti fa action in kitchener for may day via wordpressdotcom bigtits nude camgirl milf camsex amateur sexiest naked video mongolian senior invited to queen elizabeth s birthday montsame mongolia rt quenblackwell i wasn t able to make it to the metgala but here are my outfit for the event ..these look took years to create. horny brunette teen bitch flavia give blowjob and get pussy and as fucked hard rt deniseyokota everything that came with youth night could not have come at a more perfect time. god s time is the right time. msftreactor went to a arvr event tonight amazing space. i m a hololens developer can i just stop by an work on my project rt abcdnichi i vote bts_twt for btsbbmas for top social artist award if you can t walk crawl even if you have to crawl gear uprt salvesayson as long a i have you i will always have everything i need to be happy. aldubxdtbylettinggort youhadonej0b we have a situation. rt sarahelhefnawii i miss you but you seem just fine without me.oh my rex intal rt evelink86 i m still your zelda. rt stevestfler that s not how it go  daraltawakul general trading llc company is a registered general trading company. forty three justinbbmas yarratrams i lost my a5 size black purse with a bts keyring on the 12 tramrt namjoonftafi you make me begin you made me again. i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasi m the only onert poeticalporn i still miss you but i want you to be happy again. lebron james cavs dominate in game 1 win over raptors rt lustciviousbae slowly but surely vote bts for btsbbmasrt undoheartaches i absolutely hate the word it s up to you rt directorxjen with how clumsy colin is are we even surprised he broke his foot doing that chair trick i m surprised he didn t break h rt jtimberlake hey guys.. it s may.trying to find you for rehearsal marksholtez - where are you win an entire odyssey set from furlscrochet crochetersofinstagram rt army_league . bbmas how to vote on billboard site go to click top social artist vote bts confir if i lose my job i m taking my money and heading west. budget cut are a consistent worry but i look at it a a freedom ticket to travelrt latimes trump s epa ha started to scrub climate change data from it website column via hiltzikm lilboyer94 premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart jeonsmirks current standing anyone me again i vote for bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmasi vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas. retweet if you love bts. ralphomon it s an abomination. where do i lie open sandwich are sandwiches.rt xo_justice i dont trip over no lost people in my life. what yall doin for me nun bc i do it all by myself for myself.rt chintskap angry. met so many chamcha people last night at priyanka chopra s do last night. few at vinod s. so fuckn transparent. so an rt tweetlikeagiri every. single. year. metgala  gigoku1 yeah i get that man. last bad round actually made me more depressed than anything. i still think it s wort so secret that nigerian sport reporter got to know and publish on front page  guardian it wa so obvious but the moron ignored it. no euratom no power stations. plus uk depends on constant rt vangoghhoweii london apartment danisnotonfire duplex daniel howell forever home daniel lesterrt seftylovers here s what happens when you masturbate too much..rt seftylovers here s what happens when you masturbate too much..rt seftylovers here s what happens when you masturbate too much..rt santeria_muneca i m so polite i be cornering my own bowls. like who you cornering it for shannon you smoking by yourself..rt nurhasanah66 i am voting for bts_twt for the 2017 bbmas top social artist awardrt plz_connecting . bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist. i m looking at your photoguess the law had to be your momma for the night but apparently it s still a prank rt seftylovers here s what happens when you masturbate too much..rt osamabinladann kylie jenner wears the same outfit to every event stop giving her invitations metgala abex word to html converter 3. i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt squawka most premier league goal scored from outside the area since 2012 13 c. eriksen 14 y. toure 14 p. coutinho 1 rt ten_gop breaking news police using rubber bullet on violent rioter in olympia washington.  victoria_l_l_ we have 3 monday lefti chose gumtreepricechecker for gumtrivia question 8 enter by following gumtreecoza amp you could win rt _evolvingplanet scientists found a way to turn glass bottles into high storage batteries bottles glass sheer over shear for a barber shop how do you fuck this up rt btanmjin btsbbmas dingdongmeme bts_twt i have voted for bts_twt in bbmas for top social artist award. btsbbmas raj23sinha cont1.. response when we called your number. - alexi miss you but i know i m better without you.. rt deadlychimchim i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas spring dayrt girlcodehd pole dancing is good for the soul rt alyciatyre i wanna meet somebody who value me and my feeling not just say they do.that only leaf louis reply for tomorrow though i don t doubt i ll get others back in the mean time. drt joesymon amazing actor. actor bway broadway churchandstate theatre play newyork nyc hellskitchen manhattan rt lovelyivi_ same girl same the starters top 5 paul pierce memories may 01 17 2017 nba playoffs via youtubehe ll still address their issue working from home. sixteen i m voting bts_twt for bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt meaniekwans pledis where is the comeback info rt realmelanatrump getting ready to fight north korea while my husband is out playing golf rt jtimberlake hey guys.. it s may.i vote bts bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award. i love bts rt biackkodak be selfish it s necessary. mjglows so mj wa a peadophile you believe the tabloids. read the court doc and don t listen stirgussa s bsrt chrisbrown sneak peek double album heartbreakonafullmoon rt biessedvoices her dad got cancer so she decided to sing to him to support and show she love him rt elissalopez26 i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award rt dontemacc latina pussy will have you like..  comicalmommy new lil chimey - walk in official music video cge pte gmge like amp commentoh lord rt vascogaming_ m4a1-s cyrex to win -rt -follow me amp skinuniverse -like sub ends in 24 hours rt cumfusing in honor of met gala monday 2017 let not forget this iconic video from last year s event i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas 2017 sugart nochubss teamwork make the dream work. always remember that fam. strong power thank you. i vote bts_twt for top social artist awar rt rhyythm_ say my name say my name rt rldiculousness i can t figure out if i m supposed to be impressed by this or ask myself why in the hell this is happening.. rt keanahalexa i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas but even then womens sizing is suuper fucked amirite i ll likely find a size 0-2 that ll fit me from some other brand. rt phmai the heat is on. 1st the german now the brits social medium firm must face heavy fine over extremist content rt btsbbmas btsbbmas voting analytics rt wildmohn why is skam so popular just whacked my head so hard against my closet and caroline yelled at me for being loud in her sleep i could feel my heart beat from my vagina. is this normal i m this close to eating spaghetti o s at 11 34pmrt scripture_truth o lord my god i called to you for help amp you healed me. psalm 30 2rt wildmohn why is skam so popular rt rfcs_nsw_cr affected by the sir ivan bushfires community newsletter 6 with helpful info fire dunedoo coolah cassilis rt ricsl1600 in nine case out of ten a woman had better show more affection than she feels. - jane austen aldubxdtbylettinggort jypetwice twice signal 2017.05.15 6pm twice signal  tweetmesohard i m or wa watching the frankenstein episode of wishbone. thought it wa a nice synchronicity. rtl hello good people i just started anew and my timeline is deserted. care to accompany me rt vuhsace they say hip hop is dead carti is here to save it rt krcpton yeah i did rs.699.00- girl s designer frock with short jacket 6 months to 12 months by golden girl via cashshop offeranything vin diesel eats can be considered a diesel fuel.rt jiminnieqt btsbbmas globalbts i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt chantalfdez excited to see who get to stand a few step below the weeknd next year rt matthewferner congress give jeff sessions 0 to go after medical marijuana law via jbenderythrowback 2 bein yelled at 4 drinking the last of the milk n when i bought 2 new gallon to replace it i wa yelled at 4 being spiteful lmaort armynation_tm i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist if it s for you i m the type to sacrifice my body i ll always shin rt lcfc . premierleague champions. one year ago today rt sodamntrue me when i see my girl succeeding in life and achieving their dream rt jinjjarevil i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas army stand for adorable representative m.c for rt yunikavision_st 1 on oricon charts from may 2 till 8 60sec cms choutokkyuu 12th single chounebagiba dance air every hour from7 rt yoogina 8 i m voting for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist awards btsbbmasrt plz_connecting . bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist. too hot somersaulting on the chartrt jayshur_26 y all follow me i ll hit u back. rt s3xtaro one will protect you the other will try to kill you choose wisely rt jeonsatellite i voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award read kookmin ficshold jimin s smol hand btsbbmas we legal immigrant respect the rule of law and help to build america and most of all we pay taxes.  _kristinatanner stressed lang and mej dehydrated ated but i m okay now. hehe don t worry.rt daxjordan how about a game show where you just have to remember your own password rt mister_cms sorry to miss heroesfanfest in london in may rt passthableezy make up sex is a must. rt passthableezy make up sex is a must. rt ofckuyaedward excited ka na ba sa bd ni maymay retweet if you do and comment your wish for her. mayward growinginlovert demon_baby1211 i am voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist of the year because they are my energy.rt livberry jus wanna b appreciated n shit.  karlmeyer emmakennedy true i couldn t give a fuck about you or your daughter. bored now. byert niallofficial i know you ve been waiting and i m delighted to announce my new single slow hands will be out 4th may can t wai rt thornlighting energy efficient low maintenance led office lighting solution office lighting rt 04kazumi17 selanikli91_can yengec_2 selanikli91 wonderful zendaya breaks fashion boundaries at met gala repostqueen zendaya metgala2017 fashion rt theraveaddicts the swirling shroom tie dye tee rt theraveaddicts the swirling shroom tie dye tee rt theraveaddicts the swirling shroom tie dye tee rt enricoswift twitter is life all day all night rt theraveaddicts the swirling shroom tie dye tee rt theraveaddicts the swirling shroom tie dye tee rt theraveaddicts the swirling shroom tie dye tee rt theraveaddicts the swirling shroom tie dye tee rt ivdp6pneav0nv3x 170502 pledis_boss instagram seventeen i vote for bts_twt for btsbbamsrt theraveaddicts the swirling shroom tie dye tee rt sportsjapan for those who did not get to see the print edition of the column on mao. it wa a full page. a wild jumpluff ha appeared in greenwood iv unkn available until 03 01 43 27m 1 . rt theraveaddicts the swirling shroom tie dye tee rt theraveaddicts the swirling shroom tie dye tee rt fox4kc the fbi translator who went rogue and married an isis terrorist they look so hot oh my god rt relaxingview double text me annoy me give me your attention. i love that shit.rt mahatria to develop your ego surround yourself with those who look up to you. to develop yourself be with those you look up to.i vote for bts_twt for bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas vote not todayrt positiveenerg did marchforscience express outrage over democrats banning ecigs that science indicates are 95 safer than cigs help p case study status defended yayy rt musicchoice . bts_twt damn btsarmy ya ll are crazy and we love itrt namjoonftafi don t wanna be fool wanna be cool wanna be loved i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt cherry_uk update 170 - rt quynhnho1316 i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt nintendeal rt follow for your chance to win a physical copy of mario kart 8 deluxe for nintendo switch ends may 20th. retweeted becky hughes zoywildlife hornet queen drying off after recent rain rspbsomerset team4nature300.. why increasing worker salary ha become necessary dogara via wordepicnews dallastde_ codybush14 615_terrell russdiemon lil dicky still the hardest rapperbo ver onlar mal zaten i vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas rt theieansquad i slept on you you re the goat i should ve stuck around me plagiarism is not inspiration. if i take a supreme box logo patch and sew it onto my h amp m hoodie i wasn t inspired.. i plagiarised.explosive sassive dual facials rt jinjjarevil i literally thought the mv for blood sweat and tear japanese version would be the same it a whole new concept. bighit p rt lauralovefit i had no confidence and i wa unhappy then i discovered this amp my entire life changed.. the link is in my bio rt if you think diane is the cutest female character from nanatsu no taizai hit that rt button now elliebot i just entered to win an ipad mini from rightthisminute and you can too details here rt byroncastillo07 it s easier to say you re mad than to admit you re hurt.rt lndepth you support gay right so you must be gay i support animal right do i look like a fucking alpaca to yourt slugking50 hey benmaller dannygradio how bout that kershaw eddieonfox uhbroncofan i m earning mplusrewards in bible verses. rt makeupforwoc what in the heel im dead lmaoo rt seogutae btsbbmas 2o m seriously guy army slay i vote for bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmasrt wshhfans this man is back at it again rt dopedaegu i vote bts_twt for top social artist award at btsbbmas young forever rly captured the idea that everything is temporary b rt gg_quotes ed westwick give me breathing problem it broke -session chairjustnil_1907 premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart bestofnike my motto rt sparklydove . dovecameron dc1 is coming crying in my car never make me feel better.rt _ccydney this saddens my heart justiceforjenae rt xplicitsub say it louder for the people in the back rt tropaldubbaguio gvlanie24 asn585 jophie30 by_nahjie aldub_rteam htaladro irmaroxas3 lynieg88 nemia_cabigting despite the outcome i m very happy of what i ve done nothingstopingmert princeots look at the smile from walmart though. daddysfairy143 rt britishqueen6 selena gomez upskirt cameltoe see through nip slip . i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas semangattrt britishqueen6 selena gomez upskirt cameltoe see through nip slip . rt racheldebraa_ forgive amp forget. that s how you grow amp prosper.rt avatarcmoney missionary isn t boring. y all sex just trash.wish i wa in bed with my man rt sza protect the visioni did 2 poster and i already want deathrt taehyungfansite voting for top social artist at bbmas is open vote by tweeting btsbbmas amp at voting close rt nochubss teamwork make the dream work. always remember that fam. strong power thank you. i vote bts_twt for top social artist awar rt namjoonftafi armys let s make 2017 bts year today we fight bbmas btsbbmas i am casting my vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardgotta start getting this shit together for zarah party 2rt itsfoodporn nutella berry pancake skewers one person unfollowed me automatically checked by thanks bias gua rt rollingjules happy sheithbouquet to dramaticdino i hope you like it thank you for such a beautiful request u this w this is nice but piers morgan is only happy because he want to eat it.  rtl just started a new in kkt. mind to drop your id below let s have a talk there. this ha been kyla massie.rt cutepasteis let flower bloom submit to our original song contest your chance to win major exposure and promotion - gt rt virgodolans slay rt natgnab13 bbmas bts_twt vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award __ rt btsxsex qual cor de cabelo do jimin voce mais gosta respondam com vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas and btsbb rt pebbles2day ocean the sound of many water that call out to me. a positive outlook may be good for your health - rt nochubss teamwork make the dream work. always remember that fam. strong power thank you. i vote bts_twt for top social artist awar rt drjimmyandbob there s that word again ohnonotsoon soon  putinrf_eng abeshinzo they could help u with like new technology we are worthy and deserving of knowing of their you fill my heart btsbbmas i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas bye te amo zainyo gensoukaizou i don t even care about that anymore it died in a day60 freak n question too damn many. rt bleacherreport cavs out here foolin rt parkyoongi10 cento e noventa e sete i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardproduction - continuous improvement manager rt parkyoongi10 cento e noventa e oito i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt gmpaiella ah yes my favorite leftist podcast rather them ask me that than to sit on their face  hifly we up next np 2 gramcam - kurt angle lakegangordrown spinrilla i vote bts_twt for top social artist in bbmas . btsbbmas hey stop itrt sexpains do not fuck with me if you making another girl feel like she got a chance with you rt xomissdanielle you don t have to go to college to be successful. i hate old school people who still think that s the only way to have rt _inspirational2 if you want amazing result with the law of attraction you should honestly check this out ht the most bizzare faceswaps on snapchat. 4 is trully frightening  miss-chastity would you like to have a mistress who will hold your key i will keep your key for.. rt twosyncofficial this is the tweet for the elgato will pick a winner in a few days. chrisrt holybangtan armys lets do this btsbbmas rt gawdtrill summer - work - work - work - work rt realdoneldtrunp expect hannity to come out of the closet and discus his relationship with trump rt v_tac1230 ivote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award v is best idol everrt girlsnotebook roses are red. april is grey but today rt cgdrawing italian photographer monia merlo rt sambajulianna the squad rt bjp4india bjp national president shri amitshah will address bjp state council meeting today at 3 pm in lucknow up. get upda rt lcharmyng let me know btsbbmasrt armynation_tm i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist if it s for you i m the type to sacrifice my body i ll always shin rt jophie30 japple003 cpjayloni novayambao marcisles ellina_gen fleurs7754 sarahgrimes03 maelenanieto tropaldubsg i just want to ad up to everything you want to be and i can t even do that. i m worthless just like everyone say i am.rt jeffbernat my second single off my upcoming album is now available on all streaming platforms. go peep that rt passthableezy add me on snap sno.bunnyqqueen rt jaboukie bring me the mote control rt mrgeoffpeters best moment of my life. absolute f g scene lcfc i hate everyonert chimasimone forget the red carpet. the metgala bathroom is lit. that lip biting rt oyerjalok another surprise by jattu himself gurmeetramrahim jesurprise jetshirt jattuengineer insan_honey rt chukmorka african parents never miss when they are angry jgh to see this rt ahoran156 you re my favorite person i m so proud of you and all you did 2017 would be your year dont care it can you follow me har rt namjoondarling it s funny how army are replying to hater with voting tweet lmao i vote for bts bts_twt for the bbmas top social a rt rollingstone see shawn mendes launch his world arena tour and debut new song there s nothing holdin me back rt nochubss teamwork make the dream work. always remember that fam. strong power thank you. i vote bts_twt for top social artist awar rt lifeboatnetwork hey lifeboatnetwork got a massive attack if you are sad about that please go and kill yourself shoutouts dani rt 5wordsbook missing your long sweet messages. bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award 3ever bless pum pum dat ah vex sum gyal  lilvibky you re gonna catch it though..rt maxwellshouse this niallofficial just posted a photo rt souogoncalo me only deep lyric can make me cry buraka som sistema wegue wegue wegue wegue me rt joyannreid trump clearly know almost nothing about andrew jackson. his fetish for our most violently racist genocidal presid  iamstephenlang hmm.. kinda miss your tweets. hope your not hurt slang.. rt ylonas_fighter myx favorite new artist 2017 aqueousevents ylonaconcert withaqueous  johnwren1950 i m sorry but turnbull centering education fuck with labor because the high moral ground becomes o i vote for bts_twt btsbbmas top social artist son on tweetrt priscillalakerv sex with animals should ca bestiality law be changed opbeast rt celsodinizphoto never underestimate the power of good lingerie on a bad day lauren ellison next models m rt xoxoxoxo_exoexo take you home vote justinbbmas libtard 1. libtard 2..look georgesoros is it worth paying them 13 hr rt iamnotcthulhu my only good content is meme shocked by the blatant conservative bias on r4today -- seemingly deliberate failure to accurately describe labour policy bbcbiasooh oh oh.. uhh.. ace16 purecontrol ultraboost official pics mafiaszn  lukedelmo of course subsidised. monisha i guess is trying to keep the team afloat but no sponsor or driver want a car 5 slower than restrt soofjan me watching my hero academia episode 1 i don t know why im cryin in the club right now nowplaying bts_twt s blood sweat amp tears stream amp share for social 50 amp other social chart btsbbmasrt davidfrawleyved behind pakistan s new attack on india and heightened kashmir unrest look to the hand of china wanting inroad into a what would i do without tia rt jon_michail i just published make me jump. rt daleneze gemini work better under pressure that s why they sometimes wait till the last minute to get shit done.rt nikkiorion me when i get more than 1 rt on something those mouse were always my favorite tbh one person unfollowed me automatically checked by  gohandaimao nah i saw the other tweet she sent the fansite she s a petty hater.rt eelbeats love these gal i liked a youtube video internet comment etiquette crib def  michaelrees84 a bit late but slide away ha to be one of my all time favourite songs.rt russdiemon not stopping till i get everything i want and then somert 1dsshadow imagine hyping up the one wearing prom gown when these woman actually followed the theme and killed it metgala rt thecheerbook my expression normally v when you start speaking to me i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award.rt joshuxh 24. kenny wa too good  nowplaying reve lebanon on air ahmed chawki - habibi i love you ft. pitbull on fastcast4u.comrt hooleahhn girls are only consistent when it s beneficial to them kotonohakarma you are not boring you are very fun rt arshadw_fanclub pic arshadwarsi amp team golmaalagain snapped man y all ruthless myasuat least show me that you carert tariqnasheed this is monique clark the sista who wa killed in san diego by the white supremacist terrorist peter selis. she le rt ddcp7 tell her she s pretty when she ha your dick in her mouthcop makes woman to give bj to 60 men through a hole rt mrsplugg this little leg get me everytime lls rt haabss in this house matty b fuck your girlfriend rt je0nbunny i am voting for bts_twt for the top social artist awards btsbbmas rt if you want jimin to cover love yourselfrt worldandscience place ice cube on top of patty to bring your grilled burgers to the next level rt dane_nayra i vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas pink disney s beauty and the beast - official trailer 2017 live-action emma watson hd watch rt capitals malkin get the penguins on the board with 1 53 remaining in the 3rd. 2-1 caps lead. capspens rockthered harharharmony i want a dollar for every time you said retrograde cecayyee lmao forreali voted for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist seventy twocakephp - debugkit s toolbar cache exhaust memory - stack overflow i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmas shsjdirty redhead karlie montana fucked hard all i need is florina and lyn lucina and girl and your dad is being a bitch like usuali m sippin cheez itrt 30secondflghts o boy this is gonna be the new trend this forbes 30 under 30 ceo asks a unique interview question by wef  alliariffin i choose to be alone cause i don t want you guy to disturb me fishing 10 out of 30 bcci member are reportedly leading the voice for ind to pull out of ct17 dcosmicsteeplef premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart armynation_tm i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist if it s for you i m the type to sacrifice my body i ll always shin technology must change for the xaas era. here s why tomorrow s it must be value-driven amp powered by designthinking rt jadagee_ i m convinced they put something in baby formula after 199 rt thaisdiass21 fomeeooh nee.. send help omg johnny  billybaldwin speaking of snl looking foward to alec baldwin hopefully revising that character againrt markusnickykian 27 day to go .. markusfeehily markusmonday rt btsmeetsmicah i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award taehyung s favorite fragrance is hoseok s bed.rt itsjre i voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award.best thing about rock bottom is that it can only go up from therert zabbasofficial still trying to figure out why sami aslam wa dropped started well struggled in a few but surely deserves a longer run one million seven hundred twenty five thousand six hundred forty fourthe envious man grows lean at the success of his neighbor. horacert jikook_sperm spread spread spread my wing i vote for bts_twt for top social artist at btsbbmasrt echecrates people see red flag in people they are dating and try to convince themselves that the flag is yellow. i m 365 so freshrt trapicaldaniel retweet in 10 second and you ll get best news ever rt goatvids these goat are having a pajama party i am voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awards because they put so many effort into their music.boy no one want to go to your damn frat parties. rt trapp_bundy me or them i believe that the only courage anybody ever need is the courage to follow your own dreams. --oprah winfreyrt astrologyvibe lazy as rt ajeetyadav14695 kate hudson just posted a completely nude pic and it s way too hot to handle.. rt ajeetyadav14695 kate hudson just posted a completely nude pic and it s way too hot to handle.. rt passthableezy when that old playlist come back around that you ve missed so much rt passthableezy when that old playlist come back around that you ve missed so much rt passthableezy when that old playlist come back around that you ve missed so much rt passthableezy when that old playlist come back around that you ve missed so much rt dcptreastbcp record 20248 four-wheeler have been towed away for wrong parking in traffic east limit in the first 4 month of rt passthableezy when that old playlist come back around that you ve missed so much i vote bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award miss himeric ambition via radiowakart thefunnyteens me i should stop buying stuff amp save my money inner me you could die tomorrow live life treat yourself. rt passthableezy when that old playlist come back around that you ve missed so much rt montcarmelofc game face mode on. when you want to tell someone lose my number but you don t have the heartthe emotion we feel in the moment directly affect our perception of time. negative emotion cause time to go by slower.rt yikesams while y all cry over demi not having long hair the rest of u are cheering because everyday were closer for the pro wordpress development platform paas saas wordpressplugins webdesign webdev wp rt acgrayling support the progressive alliance.rt 45thspacewing t-15 min until the falon9 nrol76 launch are you ready rt jadagee_ i m convinced they put something in baby formula after 199 rt passthableezy when that old playlist come back around that you ve missed so much  you said you got plans. but i don t want them anymore rt myoongi_0309 i voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award fans from other fandom voting for bangtan.. you are all i dont even wanna be a thot. imma be 24 this year cant keep chasing coonrt rhysespuffs got the whole team to buy these mozeusocks puzzle sock to promote autismawarenessmonth  chicken_booster you got dave numberi cast my vote for bts_twt for the bbmas btsbbmas 2017 top social artist awardthe thread americans attack trump over golf ynaija lena don t fuckin befriend her kerrangradio nowplaying listeningto ac dc - highway to hellrt farmusa sign the petition then check out other action you can take to make this happen rt furby2009 rt jonathan_aston f rt to win our fishnets and anklets bundle competition winwednesday ends 03.05.17 this made me happy you are working hard division one-a small medium at large by stephanie osborn writersteph gt amazing scifi rt _ajls the level of disrespect rt cumhoran niall release slow hand may 4 harry styles album come out may 12 harry s tour me rt recipe slow-cooker mac amp cheese is so much better than the stovetop stuff rt mcmetroboy ready butches . met ball gala  culturalwed lifelonghol mymeenalife time for citytripping again - hope you can link up  theburntchip nothing wrong with ukip you cunt we want our country back don t like it you can leavert slant reason i favorite tweet 1. ur hot 2. i agree 3. i think ur a complete idiot 4. i know u hate me amp i want u to know that i k suga rapmon jhope haha i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award  lieyalutionary earn and enjoy a free hulu account right now hurry up click here voting for bts bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas bbma btsbbmas btsbbma suga composed song just one day brownfield field ammonia- urea fertilizer complex tender for lstk contractor likely to be released in august..rt tentendisarapen we got married hello baby minhyunbin rt techreview . facebook s history of tinkering with data suggests it doesn t understand it full obligation to it users. rt armyvn_twt i vote for jhope bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt bob07la favorite hot scene adamrussoxx armondrizzoxx gay teamgay sex bigcock hotass rt fav rt amiitoz wiizimov skinhub how many retweets for a knife rt apparelunit amazing deals authentic yeezy 10 off with code amy get more on i liked a youtube video the worst parents 2rt damiandove9 riri puma creepers discount code for 10 off slim  cookandmum mjhptcott fionagraham13 yes ours doe too really. just the odd shower. need it to rain overnight ..rt _garciaa__ many more to come rt sentletse bathong rt damiandove9 riri puma creepers discount code for 10 off slim see my cam show in high definition i have been doing live show for a while watch me live here glide justinbbmasrt cliffordsshug rt if you think bts will win this i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt graysondolan i almost forgot tomorrow wa tuesday wtf in my defense that s probably because we re posting 2 times a week now not breathing what is it i m not seeing said she s leaving damn i can t believe itrt gma at this exact moment 6 year ago president barackobama announced to the world that osama bin laden had been kille  genbuttnaked08 damn it.rt iammiichi check out this way to pleasure a woman beautiful asian massage parlour fun  buliebabes sam going to high school already riieyhutchcraft movieslikejuno_ call me sometime sweethearti can t believe i m missing out on btob rt god_loved god i trust you with all of my heart. wherever you want me to go i will go. even if it s not where i planned. lead me amp i rt theazaleaempire iggy azalea feat. anitta switch - mashed up.. .. rt iammiichi check out this way to pleasure a woman as california grows menlo park and other bay area city see population boom caterpillar cb 224 e 2006 twin drum roller starts run drive and vibrates 8 500 - last written assignment to be submitted for this semester. survive this hectic workload system. my brother only ha one functional hand but love playing pokemon go. are there any device that he can pokemongort plz_connecting . bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist. and chocolate wingrt momfindsout the season of ice cream ha arrived bring your spoon and explore gt sohoppingood ad rt papaseok we gotta keep this up for twenty more day omg i vote bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmasrt treenz in other news this just ended my life whyy rt africantimessa independent l probing l informative africantimessa is an independent black owned weekly newspaper edited by rt trapicaldaniel retweet in 10 second and you ll get best news ever please if you re seeing this help this 9 week old baby doesn t cost any money to foster fosterneeded adopt rt pathishashidhar youtube awesome speech by dr subramanian swamy39 at princetonuniversity on india and china  alanap98 yeah that s gonna be a shitshow. honestly the only place she d be welcome for commencement is whatever i wish you will remember this voted to bts_twt for tsaaward at bbmasrt darrilee 32. if he can go all day without hitting you up dont text you back cut him off. he clearly got his focus on another bitch. i  kiishann hi kishan they are currently sold out. we will keep our finger crossed for you during the next release.rt pathofflowers hanbin yunhyeong-hyung is..incredible also hanbin i wish they member had face like gong yoo yunbin is her rt kelvinf5_ this single boring ahrt dinahjane97 whaa there s new music dropping tonight joke now that i have your attention dwts how the iot and mobility ha made cloud more than a nice to have rt sugatree39 i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award minyoongi zzangzzangrt dearyoongi billboard i voted bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmaslet me know i voted bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist awards btsbbmasrt memeprovider me this edible ain t shit one hour later laboum s agency responds to accusations of album sales manipulation  darianhannah love u too booi vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas award for top social artistrt theazaleaempire iggy azalea feat. anitta switch - mashed up.. .. rt yzabellemuchano i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas jung hoseokrt _hailee1994_ why do they let me leave the house rt lisabar_cn blackpink lisa nice body  latestnews mps 39 board meeting on may 10 2017 twenty eight i vote bts_twt for btsbbmas at bbmas top social artist awardnot saying im special but there is literally nobody else like mei got a message saying that i can earn money just by tweeting  ztothek oi enough already notrt drjohndemartini to create an inspired destiny start by clarifying what s most important to you.rt iiovestorms shade of blue rt arbindhwr ashramharidwar asarambapuji ashramgoregaon ashramgaushala ashramblr amdashram ashramjodhpur rishiprasadorg rt jennyharry16 swim suit jersey sale discount code asap for 10 off rt femalepains me i overshare on twitter yall don t need to be knowing that much me three minute later rt mefeater rihanna at 1oak for the met gala s after party in nyc metgala one person followed me automatically checked by rt bts_spotify btsbbmas if anyone asks who is bts please direct them to the bts s wikipedia page. it help with social 50 cha wow did you know these famous celebrities have spent time in jail rt derasachasauda be a part of grand celebration spiritual foundation day amp jaam-e-insan guru ka bhandara will be celebrated on rt ejsotomayor another day another protest in dc. i ve never seen my city so active immigrantrights protesttrump mayday2017 rt og_cali18 put yourself first fuck everybody else  doobyroob it ll be rad never worry about anything ever rt davenoriega huge fight 1987 playoff jazz-warriors. greg ballard throw ball at karl malone. fight. george karl and warriors g rt thefunnyteens me i should stop buying stuff amp save my money inner me you could die tomorrow live life treat yourself. rt torylanez must be out of your mind do u know who i am i m a simple man.. i see saint george and i rt.. robertoobed07 apparently you do since you re upset about it  lyannaquinata alright lolrt yg_blackpink funny jisoo lisa full engsub here for the bbmas award for the top social artist of the year my vote go to bts_twtjane austen good company requires only birth education and manner and with regard to education is not very i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award.rt oyerjalok another surprise by jattu himself gurmeetramrahim jesurprise jetshirt jattuengineer insan_honey don t be afraid of losing others. be afraid of losing yourself.rt medicalpicture layers of the scalp rt pebbles2day life lesson with neicey shaudia.. today is her b-day she s 18 year old now.. and still my lil baby  shofu mr_rsmash looks like dog foodrt lukeorgana these known fashion icon rt jennyharry16 swim suit jersey sale discount code asap for 10 off rt globalbts i m declaring myself to vote bts for top social artist at the. rt to vote btsbbmas rt to vote amp find make this happen rt petehalvorsen finding and following account like this guy living in iran remind me why instagram is still the best. for the bbmas top social artist award this year i ve decided to vote for bts_twt. btsbbmasrt bbylychee ur mcm is still afraid of pussy hairrt kookiejeon10 lets vote for bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas justicert vangoghhoweii london apartment danisnotonfire duplex daniel howell forever home daniel lesterrt smokepurpp i need that top baby  heathercumdump message me want to knowpublicist comin in hot with that apology riseup lopez make final case a ca defers decision abs-cbn news abscbnnews may 2 2017rt ninadraut55 neet protest cbse office harish sharma 8287474188 syed haaris 7033149558 ankit 9031155809 neetug1 rt takk never meant to disrespect the nfl or whoever else felt uncomfortable watching a young black kid who came from nothi i always thought you were an extraordinary man piersmorgan not so sure on being pompous though not this morning anyway lol.inspiration. meet the double amputee bodybuilder who ha refused to let disability get in his way apple ipod rt celine_marie01 i vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas all our vote we are so many haha we are a family. a rt kkimthai if u wanna date n not break my heart hmurt complex . lilyachty getting the pic off tonight.  realmadrid should not allow atletico madrid to score tonight at santiango bernabeu uclmadridderbylupita look so goodrodgers hail simunovic a european club eye star defender readceltic rt samoan_af if someone ever said this about me issa wraap laboum s agency responds to accusations of album sales manipulation just learned that the san francisco bridge only opened in 1937 o whaat that s not that long agoo really. pcyhung those aren t thert guerinsports ellerslie bos in cross-city move to nzwarriors rt ewaynematthews asking god for the guidance i needlai thai han-what happened in the vietnam war shabbatshalom shabbatshalom dokdo shabbat save_dolphins21 rt kerkoff1 zanemaxs president1trump ten_gop parisdennard foxnews people know this exunitatevires 3 dragonscales10 rt cnni could north korea s nuclear test lead to a volcanic eruption theresag1006o premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart _mypurpxse bighitent i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt artfuiist painting by emily s. satis rt ajeetyadav14695 melania trump - the first lady in our nude photo shoot rt ajeetyadav14695 melania trump - the first lady in our nude photo shoot rt armyvn_twt i voted for jungkook bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt ajeetyadav14695 melania trump - the first lady in our nude photo shoot when d. oliver turn up tomorrow for day 2 at thebool what will his blood alcohol level be rt ajeetyadav14695 melania trump - the first lady in our nude photo shoot rt kookieyeudau i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist awardrt geomr mps on exam stress if the pressure to promote academic excellence is detrimentally affecting pupil it becomes self-defeating rt modelsactivity queen and princess of metgala  ethereaimin the ignorance tho. pathetic cute seductive asian girl having sex rt kathisfly you re my favorite almost rt chelseahp mary-kate and ashley have and always will be goals. imalwaysmarykatethough rt mjstarlover the photo we were waiting for. gorgeous. metgala  dubai hungry get 50 aed off ur first order on ubereats with our code eats-uberhashdubai. coffee oat smoothie - anna can do it yummy foodporn recipe foodie rt rt stickojay people love to waste my timei am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmasokay. rt ajeetyadav14695 melania trump - the first lady in our nude photo shoot rt teampriyanka and a trench coat ha never looked so good priyankachopra pcatmetgala2017 metgala rt corybooker ignorance allied with power is the most ferocious enemy justice can have. james baldwinrt abdinoorx2 happy 18th my boy spongebob finally legal rt jinjjarevil i literally thought the mv for blood sweat and tear japanese version would be the same it a whole new concept. bighit p rt thefactsbook you can create your own happiness bts fan are crazy v ok fine v over 20m i voted for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist of the year armys i love wonhao rt chikicakacho i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award tbh idk how mny time im tweet and rt today haha i will mo vote now for bts_twt top social artist award at the btsbbmas visual kings btsrt army_league i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas teamwork will always make the dream workrt bryanmurimi i can write something on why i don t think even the next government will liberate kenya. these are the hard times. costof  zesty_liberal the religious right is so frightening and yet so hilarious in it narrow-mindedness. nz pike river survivor its a coverup cam couple live sex web rt vol_track a lot of talk about 40-yard dash this weekend so we asked the fastest man in the ncaa __coleman to run one. you decide gbamm epl player of the week.. you decide the player of the week. premier league action threw up.. rt footbaiibatties who s bicycle kick goal wa better rt for can v watford like for carroll v palace i haven t gone to bed on time any night for the past week and a half-ish fuck me no wonder i ve felt so bad lately nowplaying i say a little prayer - - dionne warwick at thanks so what s the plan  dmora458 hey babert infiredspirit i m voting for bts_twt at the bbmas for top social artist. rapmon you re just perfect.rt ajeetyadav14695 melania trump - the first lady in our nude photo shoot  glacedgg i used to get mixed up too but it make logical sense that the croc eats the biggest and best thing. the rt ethereal_kth bbmasvotes2017 i vote for btsbbmas bts_twt to win top social artist award because they deserve itdcosmicsteeplef premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart jaystar773 tell me you wouldn t make a baby to this rt coliegestudent how s studying for final going the laugh tempting amateur british lesbian schoolgirl jessica and claire sucking and fucking a large dildo rt prillybie sickness doesn t stop me to workout kalo kata bung andre_talabessy nona ambon harus kuat. content amp i appreciate everybody in my life good god it s so sadlilboyer94 premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart iiovepixels beauty behind the madness rt bbmas rt to vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas rt maxxsio i ve been getting tweeted at by bts_twt fan all day because of one tweet. y all really are dedicated fan rt soompi best friends winner s song mino and blockb s p.o to appear together on variety show anatomy amp physiology ii - dr. allan forsman anatomy amp .. i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award. btsbbmas intro skool luv affairi am voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awards because they are my everything.i missed a lot during my nap but i forgot to tweet my hilarious delirious 1bnkalbuttin joke cu i passed out before i could hit sendrt unfairplay97 i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award. drakemoon icarus fell pleasee rt hennezhndrxx for my wimmenz in atl if yall could only talk to nigga from one of these school for all 4 year which would you choosebia_cordonin premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagabron and kyrie s chemistry..  theyhatesierra_ it came bac nigerian newspapers 10 thing you need to know this tuesday morning rt pixieissues please learn the difference your welcome. rt saintniick_ i love being left on read rt kathmego flyers manning eager to play mcdavid again connormcdavid here is my vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist of the year.rt jennyprimas blessed are the humble for they will inherit the earth. matthew 5 rt wshhmusicdaily 5 years later and this song is still a hit rt wshhmusicdaily 5 years later and this song is still a hit  uglielevi i dontcouldn t agree more. it s demanding but when you get it right you see people bloom. happy tuesday thiswork want rt wshhmusicdaily 5 years later and this song is still a hit rt takk never meant to disrespect the nfl or whoever else felt uncomfortable watching a young black kid who came from nothi rt wshhmusicdaily 5 years later and this song is still a hit rt wshhmusicdaily 5 years later and this song is still a hit rt scevendcn birtmonth rt mayward_article serendipity two unexpected skrengges came in to our life and making u inspire everyday. mayward growinginlove rt shasha_niggaa one week . who need a job imma strong girl rt blackpplvines this vine get me every time rt jiminbase . bts_twt thank you everyone i vote bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artisti don t need u no more no morert dystation_id preview 170502 icn nct doyoung cr. dear melik iwenly rt rmonica2017 what a joke he is such an as wipe he did good a obama s jester amp that s about it. new video young delia ride on a massive cock ha been published porn porno sex smut erotica gifs hotwifert graysidolan i ve been in a very happy mood lately bc of oa show is coming rt nickjonas these two rt olganyc1211 thank you the gov t refuse to take action. kushner met with a russ spy recruit and the head of a russ spy bank rt ashoktanwar_inc we salute the effort of million of worker who build the nation.their tireless effort make the place worth livin healthful 7.34am and my face and palm are already sore  malamoot thecoopertom my father owned an xjs from new. had to replace the suspension bushing electrical connect  lesleymillercyp not a good hobby for a public figure would you vote for him now you knowrt jinjjarevil i literally thought the mv for blood sweat and tear japanese version would be the same it a whole new concept. bighit p  gazikodzo betting that you lose your mind when you see two happy people that don t two fuck about any of yours or i cast my vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award bbmasrt aanngeelicaa maybe were better off this way rt aanngeelicaa maybe were better off this way i voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award army crazyrt aanngeelicaa maybe were better off this way rt ply the summer mines amp da winter 2.. rt aanngeelicaa maybe were better off this way rt harlixoxo things you realize after you lose your virginity rt book_tribe casey carter john is everything fifty shades darker claim to be. enter his world if you dare domlife fetish rt footballshocks bayern s lewandowski voted april player of the month  playmfs osherel rep hunrt roflgandhi_ this is our defense minister and to highlight his fighting spirit he hasn t even won a panchayat election ever. rt heyitshemdi kendal jenner ha too much money to be walking around here looking like hank hill rt harlixoxo things you realize after you lose your virginity 2005 bmw 5 series touring television advert front riding view with cum taehyung crying and whining tho hes too adorable i just want to protect him huhu i honestly cant think of anything. imma come back to this.  free eventscase - eventscase ltd does streaming mv s only count i vote bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmasrt passthableezy want your tweet to do number dm me for cheap prices. i promo music clothing business or anything you want retweet rt passthableezy want your tweet to do number dm me for cheap prices. i promo music clothing business or anything you want retweet  nijuukoo it s behind the taelpar rest area go west and continue until you find the small gorge monie jimin you got no jams vote bts_twt for the bbmas btsbbmas to top social artist nophunintended ohh okrt btsarmy_intl let s hit 5k rts game i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt passthableezy want your tweet to do number dm me for cheap prices. i promo music clothing business or anything you want retweet rt kookievgue 3k retweets for an army bomb please retweet i need your help you will have an eternity of goodluck if you retw rt crysrauhl twenty seven justinbbmasrt aimeehelene1 i bought myself facial serum yesterday but i m pretty sure it s just peanut butter.rt passthableezy want your tweet to do number dm me for cheap prices. i promo music clothing business or anything you want retweet rt da13thsun th poor rejoice that hashem ha given them th rich of heaven. th rich are sent away empty amp th poor have th gospel given teen fatally shot at church after being dismissed from school rt 7newsmelbourne a top colombian police officer say he s sceptical about an australian woman s claim she wa set up a a drug mule rt monthiymemes when you open your door and your mom is already shouting rt divulgueariana we love you arianagrande ariana for bbma arianabbmas herfavoriteoppa yep i m all up for it rt pamelabeasly hide your girlfriend.. i m going out for the day. what s up army already vote bts_twt on btsbbmas rt yxngbrxdy it you need music promotion let me know serious inquiresrt bbmasvotes2017 social artist stats selenabbmas 305k arianabbmas 370k justinbbmas 3.3m shawnbbmas 595k btsbbmas 15.2m rt yxngbrxdy it you need music promotion let me know serious inquiresalive or dead you re gonna socialize tonight silly piggy who taught you how to explain but it didn t work.rt carlyhenderson_ you know i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas had so much fun interviewing them htt rt milanohoe miranda kerr in oscar de la renta with vintage cartier jewels. she is really coming for wig  lt reader contribution by unneighborly woodlands gt for the recent week s there were repeated disturbance which.. rt solemnmoonlight i vote bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas i cant believe bangtan s here in the ph for a week i have been pompa procon 240 gph tipe i clamp sty.. rt damnitskendrick keep it a hundred i d rather u trust me than to love mert sanversislegend i m really happy to witness some wonderful performance of chyflor sanvers is perfect and masterful watch man speed fly over rio de janeiro speed speed speed.. who up rt ivoteforbest modiministry aap in crisis mode is arvind kejriwal propping up kumar vishwas to showcase party s nationalist cre  3aw693 drugs. what a mess. any risk we can have our law observed rt elngd241 bang 3 passed 224m view bigbang gdragon taeyang seungri daesung top choiseunghyun love you buds here is a random number 944329on 02 05 17 at 06 00 the river level wa 0.15m.rt oyerjalok another surprise by jattu himself gurmeetramrahim jesurprise jetshirt jattuengineer insan_honey men can t handle heart break so they stalk you for the rest of your life.rt britishqueen6 things you never knew about donald trump s wife . . dylankilpatric3 idk. i guess you ll just have to check twitter all day tomorrow or turn our notification on so you don t miss it. maria kanellis __ whose that rt gurmeetramrahim pleased to receive 7 asia book of records last night i heartily dedicate these award to shah satnam-shah mastan well rolo kept calling it my chicken wing rt fvkmook this how black family be at graduation 2017 may 2 tue 15 35 30 0900 42.054 042 03 14 42.059 042 03 34 geometric mean longitude i m voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas bbmasbts rt battlesreggie yo i just really enjoy a woman s company. bruce_bwkm undemocratic are you admitting that you didn t bother to vote in european elections.hindu. woman who accused gujarat mla of raping her arrested nostrum oil amp gas plc initiated by peel hunt at buy. gbx 700 pt. nog nogrendinni my nigga gone always live threw me rt albumjoji how much payne could bear payne bear if bear payne could bear payne rt intlroleplay rtl what do you call a sad cup of coffee depresso back to old joke because it still hilarious 1. i vote for arianagrande for top social artist at the bbmas arianabbmasdcosmicsteeplef premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygaga cm_handler ah yes the kissing diseasert popcrave rihanna talk about her 2017 metgala outfit. rt nerdypoc okay but these look metgala literally any day in my life  noritake china miyoshi bread and butter plate 6 3 8 1975 top seller i vote bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas jung hoseokrt briichainz wingstop is better than buffalo wild wings don t me eleventhjoe same been listening to bon jovi all day. rt xmenupdates dafne keen x-23 stunt training for logan shared by brandystunt logan x23 rt drebae_ y all wanna hear the story about how i almost went to jail for beating my old manager as rt gurmeetramrahim saddened by the demise of bollywood s veteran actor vinod khanna may his soul rest in peace. my prayer amp condolence rt evan_breen dating guy hi girl hi 8 month later guy yo ur stomach is huge lol. wtf u ok why me rt brookeheethuis i ve got issue and one of them is how bad i need you ..for the btsbbmas top social artist awards i am voting for bts_twt.rt hartoshsinghbal on such day amusing to see read timeline of nda vice-chairman s employee question aimed at modi go missing. rt foodtutoriai new york s wildest donuts rt andrearojasapa2 bbmasvotes2017 i voting for bts_twt in the bbmas btsbbmasrt sparkleme7 vintage camisole discount code for 10 off slim rt agusschiara updatevotes i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbma for top social artistrt bbmasvotes2017 rt to vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt meechonmars if yall dont get the frork out of here. where the hi-c rt ericvdunn idk what s fashion anymorert beserkerbear everyone need to come check out this awesome dude primalg tugfam supportsmallstreamers streamerhype hyperrts rt ten_gop breaking paris is in total chaos again look like a war zone. clashes and violence during the mayday2017 parade. rt gankgangged have you heard king of my city by lil rara on soundcloud np ayshadelice rt tatootms btsbbmas i cast my vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award v-army always support bts btsbbmasrt charliekirk11 we fight like hell to send all these republicans to congress just to see them go act like democrats and nothing changes. rt lentlesslypurpl what chance do my kids stand in this messed up uk via nigehiggins4rt muza_helvia i vote for justinbieber a top male artist in the bbmas justinbbmasi m genuinely excited to start studying for the lsat bc that just mean i m one step closer to law school dating multiple girl or abusing in public won t make you cool being decent and respecting everyone will.i earned the hero trials high scores in clash of lords 2 think you can beat me rt burmese_tyga this game right here is the origin of nigerian woman jumping into conclusion. this is casual pic of a nigerian wom  uselessrant avanconia anitawhitee american1765 starcrosswolf networksmanager kazmierskir sassysassyred rt officialdaddymo nigerians and photoshop. contact brunette teen brandy seductively rt stookslily we got more excited about the gold grillz than over prom rt nba the cavs and houstonrockets each go up 1-0 in tonight s nbaplayoffs action rt xrachelxrosex triple the fun by xrachelxrosex manyvids rt bbmasvotes2017 rt to vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt tristanxscott i want a girlfriend but when i actually think about it i don t.rt woohalal bbmasvotes2017 i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas rt to vote rt whattheffacts music help reduce anxiety a well a help the mind and body cope with stress.rt jinjjarevil i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas i hope bangtan gets invited amp perform they be snat rt deepsext how every guy should be rt yooxtae i am voting for bts_twt for the top social artist award at the bbmas rt ofcmarcocgallo itsmemarcog and delavinkisses with tita annie last night. again happy happy birthday rt itsachallenger . connor_allen92 and i spoke to southwalesargus to talk about omidaze randj2017.  debsextra our senator and leader are paid huge money while common worker suffer.. njaa soundofdhour fela double wahala for dedi bodyrt daniel_kudro 5 class of antibiotic macrolides quinolones tetracycline sulfonamide amp metronidazole linked w increase rt namjoonftafi don t be like a prey be smooth like a like a snake. i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbm good morning all sun is shining and we re on standby to assist you with your queries. live update  piersmorgan well done. put that in your pipe and smoke it mr clegg. wonder why mrs clegg doesn t like living in spain rt sparkleme7 vintage camisole discount code for 10 off slim rt haramnochu jeff__benjamin king of supporting bts i m voting for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmaslaboum s agency responds to accusations of album sales manipulation rt 9gag when you open a bag of chip in class rt tatumhightower notice the people who are happy for your happiness and sad for your sadness. they re the one who deserve special plac rt sustalrene retweet if you are an exo-l and not white. show this asshole the majority. rt _likaa_ 2 setengah jam lagee interview nya i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist awardrt bulletproof_sg i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award.rt comedyworidstar nah they actually made 2016 into a horror movie rt poeticallyiost i hate how easily i can go from happy to sadrt mitchkimpark i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas kimnamjoonrt fallinhosh omg leeteuk and scoups are going to be mc for 2017 dream concert super seventeen leader line feels i vote for bts_twt for bbmas top social artist luhanblack platinum - p.t. michelle you are cordially invited when wedding plan go awry and tragedy hit sebastian  varijabajaj love..my best wishes..see u soonrt 32ndscouts congratulations - 32nd cub pack winner of district 5 aside competition scoutswest  memeticoutlaw just get back in linert gankgangged have you heard ain gone lie by lil rara on soundcloud np  dazzlemejazz_ no problem laboum s agency responds to accusations of album sales manipulation let nothing keep you from living your best life. when you know you only had 9 more day to keep something secret and you blurt it out.rt 263chat us issues new fraud-proof green cards voazimbabwe 263chat twimbosrt jtimberlake hey guys.. it s may.i m just here overthinking.rt puritanspride giveaway rt amp follow u for a chance to win a quest bars prize pack fitness protein 2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me automatically checked by  sjraut94 that s sad rt he_is_so_ba harrison brown joined my acapella group this year ut. he wa the confirmed death today. prayers for his family wi  libra horoscope for may 02 2017 the absolute best 2015 northerners conspired against jonathan not corruption niger delta group i vote bts_twt for bbmas top social artist. min yoongi rt ytsmelothagod funny how people with the most opinion usually have the leastrt ytsmelothagod funny how people with the most opinion usually have the leastrt ytsmelothagod funny how people with the most opinion usually have the leastrt ytsmelothagod funny how people with the most opinion usually have the leastrt ytsmelothagod funny how people with the most opinion usually have the leastrt ytsmelothagod funny how people with the most opinion usually have the leastrt ytsmelothagod funny how people with the most opinion usually have the leastrt jeff__benjamin i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt ytsmelothagod funny how people with the most opinion usually have the leastrt ytsmelothagod funny how people with the most opinion usually have the leastrt ytsmelothagod funny how people with the most opinion usually have the leastrt ytsmelothagod funny how people with the most opinion usually have the leastrt ytsmelothagod funny how people with the most opinion usually have the leastrt ytsmelothagod funny how people with the most opinion usually have the leastrt iotrecruiting 6 can t-miss qualifications for your iot technical job posting ai ioe iiot bigdata blockc rt ytsmelothagod funny how people with the most opinion usually have the leastrt loyalbhyun kimsehvns i kno we re husband and wife even our icon are the same um i smell sweetrt ytsmelothagod funny how people with the most opinion usually have the leastrt ytsmelothagod funny how people with the most opinion usually have the leastrt jinjjarevil what is going on why is seokjin punching the life out of taehyung omo this will be my death  i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas i m earning mplusrewards in office jerk. rt twowitwowoo i keep having this dream that i m being carried off by a giant squirrel. does that make me nut every time i die is one of the greatest band to ever exist bro shit just always ha always will shredrt makeuptutoriai just another day of not being rich and famousrt pes_pse check the photo from pesleaders preparation meeting ahead of euco on brexit flickr rt crossfdross4 selena gomez upskirt cameltoe see through nip slip . rt mindykaling i met solangei vote bts_twt in btsbbmas for top social artist award i m just too lazy too move my lazy asrt crossfdross4 selena gomez upskirt cameltoe see through nip slip . rt crossfdross4 selena gomez upskirt cameltoe see through nip slip . rt crossfdross4 selena gomez upskirt cameltoe see through nip slip . rt drebae_ him i bet you got me under dadd.. wait why my number not even saved in your pho.. rt crossfdross4 selena gomez upskirt cameltoe see through nip slip . rt crossfdross4 selena gomez upskirt cameltoe see through nip slip . rt niallofficial i know you ve been waiting and i m delighted to announce my new single slow hands will be out 4th may can t wai  dabandgo where omg bogummy look so cute here rt satisfied_x fed up with southern rt loltumbirposts if you see this in a public restroom leave immediately and call 911. i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas fastrt future_dome i miss the time i could fall asleep before 12 so easy rt loltumbirposts if you see this in a public restroom leave immediately and call 911. i do not want to go to work pls ofmiceandben lol working on itrt loltumbirposts if you see this in a public restroom leave immediately and call 911.  lodysmile10 many thanks for following. very kind rt _k_le a quickie yuju is now a different breed of pup rt jdmbvotingteam i vote for justinbieber for top social artist at the bbmas reply to this tweet and we will rt intexolteam when are the award and where can i watch them 98 for the btsbbmas award for the top social artist of the year i cast my vote for bts_twtrt loltumbirposts if you see this in a public restroom leave immediately and call 911. rt amixbizzle i vote for bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmas this is our first time doing something like this amp we re already ahea this storm ha me all the way fucked up omg i ve been surfing the net for the past 20 mins w o connecting to the wifi ola sou hannah backesrt xenakai2 greetings friend from telendos greece have a great time travelnowgr mshantal1 rt pizzasteph ok but wtf rt thefunnywaffle if you see this in a public restroom leave immediately and call 911. rt keithgotslutz two type of people on twitter i want to win a bd dvd of lalaland lalaland from slant_magazine. slantgiveawayrt jinjjarevil im crying they think we re using hack or something keep them votes coming lets shook em all rt minskitz i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artistrt malyw huge news native ecmascript module are implemented in chrome 60 esm implementation is in all the major browser rt the_luminary95 i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt tweetlikeagiri retweet in 10 second and you ll get best news ever dratini available until 02 59 30am 23m 48s . rt tionabibbs listen to nothing to do with you - tiona illion by tiona illion np on soundcloud rt lala unbreakable metgala  ten_sports brounstromanrt if you fell for this rt superbibilove for a few second you had alden richards undivided stare amp attention. may kiss pa. how are you still so composed a tues may 2nd 2017 aud strategy update anz 1 2yr results 2017 i headline cash profit a3.4bln 23 near f c after rt zaya_ray if you re loyal fr hit my dm n8r0n74 exmuslimmormon in that order by the way.rt lucaspeebo it doesn t matter who made you cry. it matter who made you smile again. damienprincejr lets get itmy mom bribed me out of bed to get her cigs tell me why i ended up getting my man a treat for his lunch instead of s t for me that s love please rt travel traveller collecting experiences not things greek cooking class i vote for bts_twt in bbmas for top social artist awardrt h2odelirious today s the day d thanks for all the awesome bday wish i m getting ton of them rt ririhumor this photo describes art because rihanna is art. rt nochillposts i m tweeting this every morning from now on rt yoongifiedman i challenge you to retweet this and have 250 retweets. ready please cooperate i vote for bts_twt for top social art rt jasmoneyrecords i think a larger issue is that men arrive at college still needing to be educated about consent. i literally can t explain the love i have for you.rt sladeseye imagine thinking we get dressed in the morning for the female gaze. toxic femininity in a nutshell. i m literally s rt bts_army_i impossible i m cry btsbbmas i m casting my vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award 2017i am voting bts_twt for top social artist on bmma. btsbbmas bbma bangtan on ph.enjoy guys.army s slayin i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist and btsbbmasrt sophienovak3 i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas eightrt thebtspolls i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas. rt this is you are a pdnim stan xx pornstar bath sexchat blonde sexy supergirl pic bulk sex rt iim_g_w_vii mgwv retweet followtrick teamfollowback anotherfollowtrain i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas fivert risewinner rt this winner s really really instrumental removed to save life rt th0tcouture i swear to god hector amp tito must have switched being el father and el bambino 90 time mf had me mad confused  cosmicmon bigendersouji same it s like after 4 bad game god finally smiled upon u elitist fan and gave u this gift hehehawash i would never rt akpmegastar actress shriya1109 shriya saran doing a special song in iamsaidharamtej sundeepkishan nakshatrammovie rt yahiafaread people don t get to choose who they fall in love with. they only get to choose who they stay in love with..rt halaalfusion i see no reason for abramjee twitter account being blocked. let s stand together and get it unblocked. twitterunblockyu matter of fact a mf jus did but they know ain t shit sweet rt blossom_awsome blossom_awsome ur favourite movie of anushka sharma 3 the anushka dayughh can t sleep perfectionist. happy 96th birthday sir.. rt holybangtan me reading all the tweet of beliebers getting hysterical bcos bts the nugu group is leading the voting like they i vote for bts_twt for bbmasrt mingeniouss im voting for bts_twt top social artist btsbbma bbmai m just ready uk ad spend hit record 21.4bn a digital dominates again rt littlemendez9 this thread wa so cute israel is a discredit to america gaza palestine israel bdsbts work so hard we must vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist of the year.rt bbmas rt to vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas pop pop pop music.i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas bbmas park jimin all the crook are supporting macron come on france votemarine.  0308gaimu it isn t serious he write on instagramrt supar7870 fun pics for grown ups..i m earning mplus rewards with splatdabat app newtonmark mackaysuzie do you usually have riot on may day rt cyphergod_tae okay since there no official tweet about this voting break. just to be sure lets still vote. i vote bts for btsbbmas rt faulknerhailey_ asap rocky and kendall lt 3  mzmayae copokar my pleasure rt supar7870 fun pics for grown ups..rt girlposts me criticizing the metgala fashion even tho my whole wardrobe look a mess massive good luck to everyone with exam coming up. think positive work hard and if you re unsure then ask your friend or teacherthey have all said it sorry dat i missed the 00 00 but all the same happy birthday to the mother of unique the.. money rt thekalamazoogay yes i m eating pizza at 2 21am on a school night why because i m here for a good time not a long time.i vote for btsbbmas this is tw ninety-nine.rt plz_connecting . bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist. time is so cruelrt montycbenjamin who hasn t seen friends yet link is in my bio . sammieluciano on periscope i wanna have a three some rt taran_adarsh received important data from imax baahubali2 grossed approx 2.3 million 14.77 cr in it opening weekend from 66 rt army4lifee billboard sprintlatino we got jam haters have no jam rt if you agree also vote for bts_twt at the btsbbmas ryan_chapin radiofreetom usatoday weak. scraped from the bottom of neg lib narrative. sounds like a auntie maxine bedtime storyrt worldstarfunny when you said 2017 wa gonna be your year but it s nearly june and you re still a single and poor  crescendo_9 youngy2mark suecook01 xxtinalouisex itsonlymeto amandaseager martinwicks morning enjoy your day too rt longthhiu1 the vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasi vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award ghad bes i kennotrt kamdev arunjaitley sir u cannot handle mod wirh finance plz ask pm to find someone mod need someone full time for make i i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas 55rt kyatakleefhai world wa better when we were kids. we believed people who said they love u we believed in good positive thing we be rt echelonwinter you asked ya mcm how he feel about syria and he said frosted flakes the best kindrt atemprachanh wanting to be with someone but life is complicated and ppl are complicated independent god really should be sued for some of his design flaws.rt nitinmirani dubai let s talk about them on friday may 5th 8 00pm at clubboudoir gonna be full on masti so book your laugh reassuringrt insansuman07 oyerjalok gurmeetramrahim insan_honey msgalltrading itwingdss looking dashing msg jesurprisert paytmtickets the biggest south indian award show- siima is all set to celebrate the telugu tamil kannada amp malayalam film ind rt redpilldropper if someone said this about obama they d be fired instantly. contact his advertisers. firecolbert it s our turn to ever wondered what the benefit of growing hydroponically are well here s just a few from pallensmith rt saturnshua i vote for tha legend bts_twt bbmas btsbbmasrt onlinetrbl rt this and i ll send you a video of me saying the first thing you remind me ofrt kmxi_ i jus wanna be a better dancerdoze i vote for bts_twt for the bmmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt ppscslv cheap promotion - starting from 5 for amazon ebay etsy alibaba shopify on fiverr  kxndllnxcole noo it is way too damn hotrt barindaren happy birthday happybambamday youngandrichbambamday rt neilpatel the step-by-step guide to designing local landing pages that convert conversionoptimization landingpage  mymancharlieh hello rt mindykaling diaspora on fleek thanks albert maglines for following me check out if you want to connect further more video coming soon youtubert alexa_kim10 globalbts bts_twt i m voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award fighting rt hi_springjk i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardgirl i m ugly boy i m pregnant girl what boy i thought we were stating thing that were impossiblei vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas rainrt bebanenao1 bts fuck i think so i am voting for justin bieber for top social artist at the bbmas justinbbmas rt miriamc83862836 this is my vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt tease if your girlfriend doesnt like her stay away from her rt oldcornerstore personalized playing card case personalize with two line up to 10 character per line. rt gigihadidsnews gigi hadid on the inspiration behind her met gala dress. vanity fair  erikarahman4 bts_twt btsbbams btsbbmas don t use the top hashtag to vote use the bottom one rt vividsweet7 colorized by skam alt i voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award..rt _29o7 my body is dying for a long hot soak in the bath filled with lush bath bomb rt exosuhomama hq 170207 suho - new trail vip premiere rt tbhjuststop don t cry because it over cry because you re uglyyou know i m a a.r.m.y and i m here to vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt zayntheist zaddy leaders who insist on running everything end up with relatively little to run. via cnieuwhofi am voting for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas biz_services_au thank you rt universalorl hulk smash that like button rt seokjinoppa omg jin and taehyung are fighting give him acting role already im sorry but he looks so manly beating tae im rt komalnahta first trailer of jattu engineernice one blue eagle uaapfinals uaapseason79rt gtatidea motivation follow your goal socialfave themisterfavor masao__tanaka mgwv1oo oda_f gtatidea smm come back bitch isleyymanert amponthetrack just found out someone shouted me out on siriusxm today with realsway  socialsa_ what if your inner peace get ruined by outside force we is not equal we ain t even foeu wont lmaoo rt illuminateddope last thing you need is someone riding with you only 50  starsoftheseas it s hard to ignore someone whose standing at my aa table and i m not brave enough to call him out eitherrt jeff__benjamin proud of this. talked to bts_twt and hitmanb about taking america on their own term for billboard magazine rt ft_yoongi bbmasvotes2017 i voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt sandsofjupiter i m stunned. i imagine this is one representation of mother earth. rt illuminateddope last thing you need is someone riding with you only 50 rt preaching once you realize you deserve the best losing people won t even matterrt jochendria the ever so accommodating daniel john together with the lucky fans.  scarletrosered verucasalt17 gbollmann01 ivankatrump debunked by who not by you. you can t even include a littl rt bbmas rt to vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas rt nkaechi pineapples don t belong on pizza you psychopaths.rt ohhcami_ bitches be laughing at a bitch getting their heart broken by a nigga i don t wish that on my worst enemy. you feel that shit rt bigisii i m sorry i m sorry my sister btsbbmasrt btsarmy_intl i vote for bts_twt btsbbmas top social artist award rt if you stan talent kyerimrvt rapper127 i m like ty just like ty oknort dncfraudlawsuit dncfraudlawsuit article by msainat1 of the observer cited by jaketapper of cnn i don t need nothing else but yourt worldstarfunny when you play too much assassin creed guilty of not setting realistic alarma true legend ok stillgottime it is thank you for voting. i ll play the latest from zayn at 2 44 so tune in jammu and kashmir unrest governor nnvohra meet rajnathsingh rt bts_thp i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardgo ateneo blue eagles marckespejoo rexintal rt jtimberlake hey guys.. it s may.rt realjameswoods this is an important suit because more question can be asked and broader evidence explored in a civil action.  sjmcpadden i m terrified people seem to have calmed down too soon. polls are famously unreliable when one of the  didnt even think if that so dumb mamaa i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas  jhuestis montana_mint so can i rock some wit you payitforward askandyoushallreceivehorny asian girlfriend gets fucked in darkened room rt nramadhanifa i vote for bts_twt in btsbbmas a top social artist award i m fall in love with everything they do jus do me a favour and don t try to befriend me once you really see me shinning kmaster rip in piece  pmoindia narendramodi ji it s time for action how many more life you want to push india for real action rt sneakernews we ve never seen such a premium busenitz update. horween leather option now available rt ludacifer produce101 justin  costellodaniel1 if you cant take the burn on your lip just say so.i cast my vote for bts_twt for top social artist award 2017 bbmas btsbbma alexmyminaj if i wa a nicki stan this would be my header right about nowrt sintabieber lol i m voting for justinbieber a top social artist at the bbmas justinbbmasrt devinder_sharma don t have to wait for 5 year to double farmer income. just change base year and with statistical jugglery achieve now playing track 01 by e smile rt bernardfoong a love woven upon layer of intrigue bookboost twfbg series rt leah_jamisonm for my woman if yall could only talk to nigga from one of these frat for all 4 year which would you choose reply o rt diayase_draw request rt modernfamiiyy super sad rt rubyvicky_i gurmeetramrahim really amazingly there seems to be no ed these delightful amp enlightening moment day2dssfoundationeventutterly reckless.. rt iifepost talking is not dating talking is not dating talking is not dating talking is not dating talking is not datingrt rospa today mark the launch of family safety week. to find out how you can get involved visit rt themattwilstein the most personal moving and convincing case yet for keeping obamacare from jimmykimmel ht to indulge in recognising make one s knowledge sheepish vijil28 hewett_steven but it s only 2 playeri liked a youtube video the seven daughters of aku training routine samurai jack s05e1rt v_kulchikhina jaden smith and since i coudn t bring my sister a a date i brought my old hair andre leon this is avant-garde rt manutd have a good one becks rt suckmyballzach imagine getting friend zoned this hard i ve said this a billion time but don t rt this this isn t for rts. don t like it either. this is deadass a list rt zedd blue cheese is the devil.rt fabulousity201 migos have arrived to the red carpet metgala  ennysilvaa_ never nei voted bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award 2017don t be afraid of dying be afraid of living with nothing to die for.  pimberlykeraza her name is ella the shy girlrt steveziss0u natesilver538 damn that meredith mciver rt gartrellinda fox news co-president bill shine resigns the beginning of the end for foxnews di naman but i still have a life u know rt coopesdetat what do we want tolerance when do we want it whenever it s convenient for you my sincere apology for existing rt mrldavis diddy out here dressed in a powerpoint background if i ll say it s you trust me. it will be you till the end.rt bishnoikuldeep work until your idol become your rivals.. good morning rt taehyungpiics i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas taehyung s nose molewatching the late late show with james corden at the portuguese maple leaf i cast my vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas in the name of bangtan hwaiting rt citizentvkenya mwaura my competitor had been on the ground for more than ten year i only decided to run in february i will vote for bts_twt for the top social artist award bbmas btsbbmas run so beautifuthe world s last male northern white rhino is now on tinder to help sustain the specie i m disgusted  xsqueezie themarque78rt bleacherreport cavs out here foolin  alshmare95 i know rt ptrc_chim i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award. we can do thissrt iammzilikazi rumours are carried by hater spread by fool and accepted by idiots. ziad k. abdelnourincredible michellemiss s as camrt unbendablestraw the real reason the samsung s8 ha it tall screen rt iuvjihope let bts be a kpop group stop praising westerner for liking them and stop tryna make dem go western wit all these collabs an rt jaayq_ yall bitching about her sister spending money on her ass.. now yall bitching about the sister needa spend money on rt swflbeachbabe seanhannity ha had our amp realdonaldtrump potus back because he s got integrity. rt to let him know you ve got h boom cherry blossoms is shookt olyphant and pace i think i might be in.. writemywrong rt sincerelylew i hate all of you who voted for him. hate you all. the nine lives of christmas 2014 watch online for free watch now theninelivesofchristmas rt tpapi_ shoot your shot rt carlyhenderson_ you know i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas had so much fun interviewing them htt rt kennyboyslay click click bang bang i vote for bts_twt at top social artist award and btsbbmasrt troy_von_tussle annamarieclear1 cocksuckers united i need some act right.one person followed me automatically checked by rt anele i will never understand the work until you no longer have to introduce yourself brigade. what do you have against plain mann the internet punishes top beaches of south america topbeachesofsouthamerica beach rt mochimanggae my fear is that we lose momentum and motivation. when our vote are reset to a new day it s a new challenge. armys must rt ladivasa7u7r jeff__benjamin i m voting bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award.when they suggest you something for your own good.. keep your ego aside amp open the door of your heart.. that. noegort vysusuchen i voted for bts _twt for the bbmastopsocialartistaward btsbbmas i wanna have big house big car and big ringrt 9697kookie i am voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awards.rt jeonjhn i m vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award you make me beginwhenever i read about harry and ginny i always remember how it wa like crushing on you year ago hahaha waynesomniart sykescharlie 2 more inmate had water cut off after dehydration death in milwaukee county jail run by sheriff david clarke rt akfansgroup hq pics 1 akshaykumar sir and cm dev fadnavis clicked in kolhapur today  vijayabharti28 welcome on twitter vijya ji..muslims believe quran is the guidance ep3_m amp s rt mindlessfashion rihanna 2016 vs. 2017 met gala look soo much but rt refinery29 serena van der woodson back on the met steps. metgala rt stuart_a81 it s a beautiful morning.. tea and pastry to start the day with a little revision birmingham  manojtiwarimp bjp4delhi narendramodi bjp4india amitshah vijaygoelbjp bjplive follow narendermodi_pmrt worldstarfunny when you play too much assassin creed i vote bts_twt for bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas eat jintime is money so i got no time for yourt anuzizta we are hiring mean stack developer for mohali location. interested candidate with exp up to 5yrs can apply php rt nperrettecho cherish him he won t be here forever.. afcb happy birthday to my crush chidinmaekile and my kid sis. olasupotoluwalase.. llnp.. rtrt kokonutae vote bts_twt for btsbbmas you dont know annyeonghaseyo rt ju_stinejoseph this game. go ateneo rt varshini1997 fire i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmasrt superbibilove for a few second you had alden richards undivided stare amp attention. may kiss pa. how are you still so composed a rt chasing_urdream np chasing your dream radio bmckinneymusic - one more shot - rt kevindarryl donald trump s former campaign manager corey lewandowski failed to register a a foreign agent via rt elliemc42 scandal a nhs plasma supply sold off by tories for 230 million sold on to chinese for 820 via rt worldstarvlne im done senior spotloght tycen anderson. next stop ut football.. abyrdseyephoto rt puremichgirl never mistake vulgarity for wit. - the dowager countess of downton abbey  soccerlovescris that countrt rudecomedian god bless this got me in the feel rt quotesylona our small and silly conversation mean more to me than you ll ever know. ylonaconcert withaqueousdo you wanna build a snowman karlomdz thehill warren trump admin rich guy making each other richer rt damnitskendrlck love. i d rather go without working somewhere to focus on what i really want to do in life instead of trying to please someone else instead of me usa foxnews border agent discover 67 pound of marijuana in casket at checkpointrt fardore zoe kravitz look so gorgeous. metgala rt lala unbreakable metgala rt jenifar052 what happen with alden amp maine aldubxdtbylettinggo dtbyyachtparty dtbyakoyan must watch  collectibles large catholic medal madonna amp child virgin mary and child jesus blue enamel rt isthisshiton calling each other ugly like they not damn near the same person. rt namjoonftafi i wish i could love myself i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt medyomaldito congrats missmarisracal rt myoongi_0309 i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas it s cute how we do shifting. when other army wake up  best shoes nike air max lebron x low basketball volt platinum size men s 10.5 579765-500 sportrt factsoup two thing define you your patience when you have nothing and your attitude when you have everything. junhuituganteng erpetls done eaa jerryvoting for bts_twt for bbmas top social artist no no no not today azaonair popcrave taylorswift13 in mar get out of herert princeots look at the smile from walmart though. rt cameronbarbour1 ya boy just won world kenya three electrocuted in nairobi after heavy downpour rt ani_news my father got martyred for the country proud of him simrandeep daughter of naib sub paramjit singh whose body w evolution for anti-humanists. spinoza would do a facepalm. ingredients of entreneurship number one rated photo tour in europe edinburgh photography tours scotland tourism travel book here idc bout my bday anymorert gg_quotes ed westwick give me breathing problem i am voting for justin bieber for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote justinbbmasrt wale one time for my guy btsbbmas. let my boy shinert sale_exnut anybody working in the area of female health nutrition and performance should consider attending this conference rt paula_white god ha you this day and every day he will take care of you.. trust him he is your source for all that you need rt standardnews man spark police chase by driving off in bmw after being tasered in east london rt afrikanah_ mahmudkullane lizutd patohshanqueels we had culture week at uni amp the tanzanians had this on their tent rt musicchoice voting btsbbmas go behindthelines of the not today video with bts_twt exclusively on our app rt femaletexts i m crying rt tahoe17 i m so off everyone i just want to live my life and do wtf i pleasert unrevealedtips eating your food slowly will help you lose weight reduce stress and lead to better digestion. congrats jamesbeardwwf who s who of food amp drink la ca suzannegoin evankleiman rajatparr. standing ovation rt iamcaptainv team vivoree s one and only queen notvivoree principals pretoria higher education and training the dpsa ur fucken bomb asf i swear thank ya wife sneaks on sleeping husband smashes a cake in his face to reveal something surprising gt rt rheetrash runaway sasha williams rt mysteriousbts i am voting bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award omg. where are you btsrt oyerjalok another surprise by jattu himself gurmeetramrahim jesurprise jetshirt jattuengineer insan_honey rt yung_theologysa the quality of your thinking determines the quality of your life. goodnightdrunk a hellwhite sissy slave trainer  ooredoo my bank is blocking sum amount of money for ooredooman while the second ha no right of claiming that sum. if neither thei got lay who is your exo boyfriend buzzfeeders 55is helvetica neue 18x 300 font weight too thin for body font no text found webdesign rt ft_alyxssa i m obsessed with her rt gingermcqueen this little jerk ha the nerve to tweet about funding border security while refusing to insist on funding the wall.  tre__kiraz nigga i am yodeling this shit is hilariousif you don t know now you know jmitch601 soops601 soop s the ultimate rt imohumoren we will be asked to give it back after a brief argument centered around not replying a text 5 minute later rt haetbitmark things that will most prob be in fly concert dvd practices rehearsal stage interview live performance and practice rt aldub_louise18 . youtube don t hang onto anything too tightly all thing must change and you have to allow room for them to grow rt quietinthecourt girl you re bored and that s why we didn t show up to vote for you. senwarren connected2me de anonim chat yap rt rapup my left stroke just went viral humble starboytour kendricklamar theweeknd other pov angle fucking ny phat slutty as with ny toy rt zaxya5 i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist awardrt jypnation day6 lt every day6 may gt teaser image day6 everyday6 dancedance jae rt storiesofpeopie sons of dead iranian soldier resemble the last photo of their fathers. iran-iraq war food. friends. fun - if your life ha these 3 u don t want anything else. samsung mtv thealife is evidence galaxya2017yknow that feeling when you really don t want to love someone but you can t fuckin snap your heart out of it you have that damn effectrt missylast don t y all dare sleep on zendaya metgala daniel walkowitz new york city a social history - open ed .. history rt dxrrick you asking if people get thirsty  fashion new coach f57523 crossgrain leather christie carryall handbags chalk style from cikampek city i vote my lovely bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt causewereguys gotta love dog rt sexualgif i need me a man who s gonna let me put on show like this while we make breakfast on saturday mornings. as an american in the uk i find it pretty amusing this story is being run by rt. oh the irony. rt _indiamorgan i stg. bae is so ugly.  bibomboop listen to my new song gotmyglockwitme at rt ca_kenya speaking now ca_kenya director legal services mr. john omo at the launch of ictcapacitybuilding for lawyer in kenya. iturt hotep__ thelu21 yall gonna love lincoln don t listen to some of the hater amp what they say about our school you ll meet a lot of goo  darkeststorylin i only know daft punk from get lucky and their work with the weeknd.mix by dj elephunk - 85alivert baekcoffee scan l optimum sehun 2 2 rt bankingonkismet diba shy marshmallow boy. dtbysetitfree i m at witsawa watthana building - engkmutt in thung khru bangkok thailand one person unfollowed me automatically checked by rt etribune china-pakistan economic corridor long-term plan to be inked soon rt gelatobear new girl rt jeikei0109 i voting for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas i ll wait bts_twtit literally sound like to bare pain rt shipmin_india non resident sea farer on foreign going vsl receiving salary in nre account is not taxable whether on indian flagged vsl 1 pair hot silver plated inlaid zircon heart ear studs earrings gift sol jewelry beauty style  airtel_presence airtelindia still waiting and counting hour it s 2 nd day without data even after recharge of 399 on 16 th aprilrt dafentcom south korea s girlsgeneration have been nominated for daf bama music awards 2017 for vote post north korea say us bomber flight push peninsula to brink of nuclear war rt 6kvirat8071 katy perry walked topless on streets and the pictures are trending all over .. rt ivanwhite48 i don t live in scotland but the idea of telling a nation shut up you re going down with u seems pretty outrageous. clubs reject inadequate ffa deal - sbs - the world game kendall jenner looked like a mess at the met gala srry null ascendant mediumcoeli for palermo i for now 06h28m01s ut 21 06 26.3 gemini ac 28 35 08.6 a  ch1hudson the hunger ha gone in the manager player we need complete change our form is of a team heading down not uprt blvckmatters things black woman did at the met gala that  music viaurl message mates of state--maracas - hearya live session bestindabiz51 probably in your best interestrt paulchuckle2 no i wa out with his mrs training for everything a look at paul rodriguez s can i news2 paulrodriguez sport rt castro i still remember the second i met you and smile because it wa the best moment of my life.rt castro i still remember the second i met you and smile because it wa the best moment of my life.rt castro i still remember the second i met you and smile because it wa the best moment of my life.rt castro i still remember the second i met you and smile because it wa the best moment of my life.closed buy 1.3 lots eurusd 1.0907 for 10.9 pip total for today 61.1 pip mam order profitmaker safetysystem verified adult sexchat boob sexy amateur school girlsxxvideos free  virendersehwag we are givin bigger n better dose of kadi ninda fake policeman caught after stealing n125 00 from trader rt carolinelucas people should have final say on brexit agreement with option to remain in eu if they oppose the deal on offer this wa so amazing rt marco15trump here we go just the beginning of investigating hillary clinton 2 many death surround her amp bill go trey ask or confess me anything gonna fall asleep thinking about it buenos nachort weaponshq this desert eagle though rt infamousyvana topsocialartist bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbmas 20m yay armys got no chill. rt mali19940129 topsocialartist bts_twt nice i vote bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmasrt jrdnluv congrats to _logoleosivea sivea logoleo on his 1st offer today to boston college thanks to all that have helped rt 2isavage i notice everything but don t say shitrt islamicfreedom not a leaf fall but that he know it. quran 6 59 sophiemartini _foreverangiee idc what nobody say this is cute  ashleyjpitt_ madonna stop following her then block herrt girlhoodposts i m already tired tomorrowrt girlposts me criticizing the metgala fashion even tho my whole wardrobe look a mess rt 39cbf1da7cbc4e5 does anyone see this wrong tsarnaev rights were violated repeatedly asked for a lawyer and was denied rt blackmedia i added a video to a youtube playlist sunny and the black pack - no diggity cafe franco onome_tsb nigeriainfofm true that rt onlyformusic23 he sound like chris brown. omg kings rt xhnews ready for blast-off china s biggest rocket to send satellite into space next month rt vshock1230 i vote bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist ttrt storylnpics this is so deep rt kokonutae vote bts_twt for btsbbmas you dont know annyeonghaseyo inspired by pandora disney will launch tupac s eyez on me land with most real shooting game yet. chollos m16 s dog fight at gift shop.rt cndgirlincali you know you live in l.a. if you change what you re wearing to bed in case the quake you felt wa a warm up to the big o  flstfight the flame look like it s the same size i m mad the flame should be biggerrt kelciesmith29 thank god bailey is a history major because she tell me a new fact everyday findyourselfahistorymajorrt tumblriife note to self if someone can fall asleep knowing you re cry knowing you re hurting or didn t get home safe they don t rt yourhdporn enjoy our daily porn video for full clip go to 5 rt rubyrose my date wa the hottest date one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me automatically checked by rt vitamainebae i see the pattern now if she say she will she really will. aldubholidaycheers rt sunnpixie it take a special kind of person to deal with me honestly and i accept that.rihanna s met gala dress is really unfair according to the internet vote for bts_twt for bbmas top social artist btsbbmas bts rt sawpciara she s back.. rt ciothesporn take what you need and rt for someone else zivonne04 im here if you need to talk love you rt wef these are the world s most popular website rt jeonsgirll bultaoreune it just roll off the tongue easily i vote bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmas  gouiet you better so you can come back and carry lolrt femifactor lmao i didnt just hear her say my bumbum my bumbum i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbams otuzdokuzrt wef these are the world s most popular website earth is no more won t you burn this motherfuckeri m voting for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist awardsrt fanbangtan2002 this army voting for bts_twt for the bbmas 2017 top social artist award btsbbmasrt csgomassive 500 followers giveaway huntsman tiger tooth retweet follow u activate our notification finishe rt duynarmy i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award you dont know cypher rt balletboy09 tower bridge london city towerbridge bynight solointhecity rt taeyhaang17 i vote for bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmas liza soberano please not today rt bbmasanalytics brazil ha given bts the most vote 3 748 500 vote bts_twt for top social artist at btsbbmas rt taehyung95kr can we all just take a moment to thank all these pic and update account of top actor of korea who fully support i am in the running for some amazing prize enter for yourself party girl flash their tit and ass rt djamst40sisi nadserreau neylakenza najoikhamouri narcissik13 grave rt msmasasa thank you beloved rt quad_finn the entire population of vaquitas wa estimated to be 30 last year amp since then 8 have been found dead. it s unknow rt dan3thompson these time the laptop is still there and your response wa yeah sure no problem mate rt ephrata the two that i can always count on zendaya and rihanna always serve look alwayss metgala web analytics certification training for only 19 rt plz_connecting . bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist. my last dancemrealtun1 premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart suparlove33 fun pics for grown ups..i m voting for bts_twt for bbmas caat in e laahay hadi halaayrt ralfdmueller new blog post problem with plantuml and pdf rendering with asciidoctor this might help literally cry watching what happened to crosby tonight 87rt sports_greats a winner is someone who recognizes god s given talent develops that talent into skill and us that skill to reach th listen to slawdog - dog shit prod by steve by cruel art np on soundcloud ion think people understand the concept of rich people dating other rich peoplert abeiena they really did that right now vlivemia vlive305 for marvelous mondays miami giving away 500 with music by what are some silly thing you like to do in casual tf2 rt michele51190 my brother used to practice wwe move on me just posted a photo komoro station im waiting to see if the other jimin is smth like a doppleganger lie jimin  szafariqbal nickkristof and it is most important that those who claim to be good people respect the rule of the power pair special-lg turbo series ultra-capacity laundry system rt 6b06e233d727405 gurmeetramrahim good morning guru ji bless me for max sewa simran and parmarth jesurprise apple a1533 iphone 5 16gb space gray smartphone t-mobile rt beautif_girls i love seahorse sexy real girl it s my work to vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awards.rt yutawin i vote for bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmas kim namjoonrt kookiekiky i vote bts_twt for top social artist award at btsbbmas jin is the cutis oldest hyung in bts rt to vote i cast my vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award xking minyoongi4. i vote for arianagrande for top social artist at the bbmas arianabbmasrt rosaaemg the good thing is that everything change the bad thing is that everything changert urbandoll rt to win abh moonchild glow kit must be following to win rt devolve know your worthrt wingsdjh this is so cute omg concept and everything but yeah. all ye praise the gotdamn hash tag hero who hold u down a we get our brain blown out or get placed in prisons..le usa money tweetrt aamri_aus . danielandrewsmp jillhennessymp frank_mcguire gavinjennings thanks4victorian medicalresearch support kookie i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas  cookie_bunz evanocarrollr sean_ocearuill fuq_niggers hodgeyboo you re 4th lime1819 probably the regular one and the gift box one limited rt lala where s lakeisha power season 4 premiere june 25th my birthday  image i found this on a walk today and it felt oddly meaningful. via r getmotivated we are family thru jesus christ. rt duynarmy i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award let s go armyrt bbmas rt to vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas rt heyitsfeii keep it going guy i vote for bts_twt top social artist award btsbbmasrt jtimberlake hey guys.. it s may.where are you nowrt fiirtationship me cleaning i can t breathe  yaagirlmaya okay okay you re the only exception to my theory1 weekly follower. 2 unfollowers. crowdfire doesn t miss a trick - via rt phoonke you humiliate someone online he talk to you in private. then you take screenshots to.. kids rt trblvocals help rt no saved ga accs pls help yo broke mutual please help me get 5k rts before aug 30 also rt this tweet jio accounts for nearly 40 percent of india s broadband connections trai - sent via gadgets 360 trending at 1st spot ya all goldandgloryateneort heyitsbaee beyonce look so weird in my last tweet rt mygoldentae yall better vote a lot my boys deserve this i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artistrt jaydashdoll nobody in my life is consistent amp it not fair to me lol cause im the most consistent person ever.rt amdwaters shock report migrants become less integrated the longer they stay in europe via breitbartnewsschool rt trblvocals help rt no saved ga accs pls help yo broke mutual please help me get 5k rts before aug 30 also rt this tweet  itztinomuzik shit that ain t up for grabrt basedsenpaii nigga under 6ft be like rt mogi_lone i vote bts_twt for top social music award btsbbmasrt loudluna35 the loud house chris savino may 6 at 2pm - 4pm est theloudhouse fcbd2017 freecomicbookday papercutz kim nam joon - rap monster btsbbmas bts_twtrt muumuse katy. your new song didn t leave u stuffed and your met gala look ha us..seeing red. i m sorry my dear but yo rt gulfaamgarden handi gosht lamb chunk prepared in a gravy of yoghurt and ginger garlic served in earthen pot handi . a boyfriend like this please rt broadwayjanitor you once said you don t mind taking a crack at romcom mr jerroldtarog sir. will you consider making one for aldub rt sincerelylew i hate all of you who voted for him. hate you all.  calltoart kellymezz label those with such fear a being mentally ill.me after i finish a netflix series what am i gonna do with my life now also me find a new netflix series all is good in the world i m gonna vote for bts_twt for the bbmas award for top social artist artist mo tort elisayoongi bbmas bts_twt i m voting for bts_twt for top social artist btsbbams bccbecca let alone socializert gidi_traffic takingfivehq i guess i ve been living life all wrong gidi_traffic giditraffic rt _alees definitly cursed to be single for the rest of my life deshadcato i wish being skinny tasted a bomb a em rt itsbawbbybitch iggy azalea look really bad nowadays it s my pleasure to vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist of the year. kayzomusic couldn t have said it better myself _ _ .i bought two starbucks frappe at the store while they were on sale and even tho the coffee wa strong i sorta wanna drink the second rn.rt viralseason take what you need amp rt for someone else contentmarketing personalbranding amp digitaltransformation paper is out stories via thesaleslionbp profit helped by higher oil price happy customer make u happy too colette sexy rt thefactsbook life  my best fans ptrwdknko mhwvic yuuyuume snlnay ttannggmo tinkerbell1820 via you need to eat this if you have hair loss brittle nails or u re not sleeping well rt jhamilkayebazar i wa voting for bts_twt on bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt yb2craccin if you ain t get a message that s the messagert janetos_ if you think i am not working class due to my knowledge then again that s your assumption about working class people.rt theyvote4you vote page should be quite a bit quicker thanks to this just-deployed contribution from volunteer marioareias i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas vote where do you place iot analytics at the edge or on cloud find out in our blog. rt justsunsets crown point indiana rt drebae_ his real name wa gary. he changed his name and moved state like that wa gone hide him. nah nigga. we found you rt myoongi_0309 i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas rt to pass your exams online good morning everyonethis is my vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award 2017 btsbbmasrt tastyjeon good morning ion even know if i have school today no one is awake. do i continue to sleep i vote for bts_twt for the bt rt the_worldface sblackwings replying to keancarmi dyakomard happy weekend all. it s so depressing seeing all these post about treating girl right when you don t have the money desire to spend on someone elsemonica baldacchino today s dedication i love you plw hey guy i m thinking of doing an art challenge but don t know what to do. need some idea please. helpwut happened to hersending personal good wish for helping others and this sting ray for birthing singapore rt globalbts why pick one when you have seven boy with great personality well mannered amp ton of talent you get my vote bts_twt rt karacalavera and they re cutting funding for the office of global women s issues created by hrc. how s your dad empowering woman rt ammazing_ what s it like living in arizona part 2 too much sauce. sexy girlfriend destiny blonde drilled on camera at home rt queenkimbaby guy why ya woman take so long u lmao i fucjibg hare myseldrt cham_twt this girl is really in the fancafe trying to give bts tips on how to get mobile data in the philippines im laughing rt joyannreid jackson wa a slave owning slave breeding native american genocide promulgating vulgarian. he deserves to be stri rt bigmoneymike6 attention penny land i have game-changing information regarding pups on wednesday.. email me to get the scoop rt rinrinn10 a day may come when we lose but it is not today so i - an army - vote for bts_twt btsbbmas for top social artist award  european male pornstar jessica burciaga naked picture rt girlposts who did this metgala rt jeff__benjamin i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt maddieelance guys i really need yalls help my cousin ha been missing. his name is austin smith. he is 16 and life in rowlett you absolutely can if your job is to a dems if they kill trumpcare. freespeechbusrt got7official happy birthday bambam happybambamday rt k_kidoftopnotch y all go follow jaz_siimone rt _mariana_bts btsbbmas bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award at the bbmas btsbbmas rt votert maxinewaters trump confessed to reuters that being president is more challenging than he anticipated. he should do himself amp the count rt andiluv nothing like family love teamvalmani can relate x x rt lemoinee the reason people are starving to death is because y all feeding them waffle corn dog with ketchup rt awecoupies do i really wanna deal with his shit forever rt nadamel4 narimene1600 nancyajram majdafarha ajramsabrina bilalhimself nanso15 najwazenagui nayaajram1 djalal06611 1 tatsu right 2 sosuke 3 sora 4 sho i hate this picture sigh rt notanna damn it s may 1st already what s next may 2nd fuck everythingrt dopedaegu i vote bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas there no time frame for voting vote whenever you can which is now rt brndnwprsn scorpio -yall crazy -n e v e r cross a scorpio -amazing if they like u -but if they don t like u..ull know.. -possesi rt iuiiabyun exo breaking their own record rt ur kinkrt galkyliejenner these girls thought their snapchats would be deleted but that didn t happen they just started 4 year ago and now they won a daesang hence i am voting for bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmas bacon stir fry recipe yea you heard that right bacon follow rt amateurphonevid brush fuck  amike4761 ryan a spkr is a dangerous man nevertrump amp an open border dude is a bad combo his omnibus bill amp new1 reveils self pnehlinrt 5nboi so marriage is a school you never graduate from that s why they give you your certificate a you enter rt mollymcnearney i spend a lot of time and energy disciplining my two year old to not act presidential.rt mitchkimpark i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas kimtaehyungrt hippy some people feel the rain others just get wet -bob marleyrt beconecrned retweet if you re gay believe in alien or just really wanna die topbbmasrt convrshgh vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt bts_army_i army power never disappoints btsbbmas is now trending with over 7 million tweet  devendra7700 thank you for retweetingrt sandsofjupiter i m stunned. i imagine this is one representation of mother earth. ene is the sixth member of the mekakushi dan enebotrt mikareyess watching the men s final now on tv. intense match between ateneo and nu wew ah i already reached the vote limit in bbmas website. i voted for bts_twt for top social artist. btsbbmasrt capitolrecords pre-save niallofficial s new single slowhands to your collection by connecting your spotify account here what s the point of slaving yourself for money  nickhoops10 fucking shaq..mapping the pros composite economic indicators - may 2017 spy qq dia not over you . . rt etherealjhoseok rt if u can imagine bts happy faces when they find out they won this award i vote for bts_twt for the top social art rt gidi_traffic takingfivehq i guess i ve been living life all wrong gidi_traffic giditraffic rt broluah skrg ni bulan apa may so may i have you for the rest of my life no you may die. rt der_goyoung snuggled up rt softiyhobi pls help me get 3k rts rt khaleesirkapoor queen of the metgala gt gt gt rihanna  iykimo this is a serious something. i hope it won t affect my container coming in the high sea 2 people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me automatically checked by rt uberfeminist when you wanna make fun of white people but you also don t wanna to make fun of the olsen twin rt maky_don sexy shell bikini set available 2 colors discount code for 10 off class jimin s high note i vote for bts_twt in btsbbmas for top social artist rt maky_don sexy shell bikini set available 2 colors discount code for 10 off class rt diabolikmunch sleepy and hungry at the same time i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt breezy_ivory i ain t shitrt maky_don sexy shell bikini set available 2 colors discount code for 10 off class rt chelledogs stefanodocsm beawesome_laugh koksalakn wow beautiful image dear stefano you live in a stunning location in th rt bultenfransa le pen copy speech by francois fillon sha sha rt luci4hor4n slow hand slow hand slow hand slow hand slow hand slow hand slow hand slow hand slow hand slow hand slow hand sl rt marwahismaeel it s gonna be more lit in bahrain once you decide to come  danharmon turds that resemble a story please express support for the wga me_varisha long hair aur wou b tumhry are love rt rctlabour the rctlabour manifesto is committed to deliver a further 150 apprenticeship and graduate post to boost youth emp gave my daughter away ha we lost to spur still loved the day rt coliegestudent i wish i wish with all my heart that i can get through final week without falling apart daily reminder that mike trout will be the 2017 al mvp.rt cho_bbomm 170502 mbc secret variety training preview apink rt bbypeachess gordonramsay how doe this cake look rt _99divine i ve been asking bitch about this for two days. thank you stranger your loyalty is secure. i can t wait to come home and see all my friend again.rt fact parents that have taken music lesson are more accurate at detecting distress in a baby s cry than parent without musical trai  2yrsago myidol fearbook divided america c.f. divided germany and only score a goal after 5 on 3..  audio big sean feat. kendrick lamar amp jay electronica - control livemixtapesrt yoongasp this or that a thread quote answer with i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas - rt t rt loltumbirposts if you have these lines on your wrist it actually means something rt bringmepeace_v i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardsrt loltumbirposts if you have these lines on your wrist it actually means something jmbamhxh yall im bout to lose my 17.2 again clapifyoulikeme joanwalsh debramessing thedailybeast isn t he more like a barely sentient squash closer in color 86aece40-16c6-4c2d-86d5-2c6a5d495beert loltumbirposts if you have these lines on your wrist it actually means something it s show day plenty to talk about on the show tonight. live on air from 8pm to 11pm. come join u meridianss livesportlovesportrt suparlove7870 here s what happens when you masturbate too much..one of the funniest thing i have ever witnessed ctfu when he started snappin she said i feel threatened rt topsocialartist votes 02 05 2017 7 50 cest bts_twt 21.868.300 btsbbmas justin 3.781.900 selena 491.489 ariana 593.370 s rt usnatarchives reserve your free seat to this lecture in honor of jewishamericanheritagemonth scotus rt aestheticfui shaded blue rt thefunnywaffle if you have these lines on your wrist it actually means something rt _nickthebrick1 i feel like i could play imagine if a popular republican said this on air every day 365 day a year. rt mohammadasadkh1 arsched what is maryam safdar role in the top cabinet meeting and then tweeting on it can any body answer found a transponder snail giants sea monster and other amazing encounter trecru rt notanna damn it s may 1st already what s next may 2nd fuck everythinggod failed me.i just want drug and lot of it nun else they will be the death of me.can t sleep  calvinrequin hush and just move to seattle like every other furry everrt meisje77 meet the uk teenager determined to get you talking about your human rights via rights_infort lexi4prez you literally just said free speech prosperity and progress is reserved for white people but you re not racist new day new tweet new stats. 2 follower 1 unfollower. via good old for the btsbbmas top social artist of the year i am voting for bts_twt. naked bubble camgirl boob bigass camsex supergirl spring break porn rt liya8897 i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas jungkookkrt laynemorgan am i being annoying yet good. lgbt representation matters. supporting lgbt artist and youth matters. showing up for quee rt theseoulstory shinee successfully drew audience totaling 250 00 people to their 5th japan tour rt unsenthugot love meant that you care for another person s happiness more than your own. no matter how painful the choice you face mig rt taecembers my favorite visuals curly haired mocha hottie jordin skye smoking and sucking a thick white cock rt cchukudebelu this wasn t driven by usaid or dfid interventions. in nigeria the population living in extreme poverty actually g rt ueekyu i vote bts_twt for top social artist awards btsbbmas ini udah berapa vote yai vote bts_twt for btsbbams top social artist award boy in luvrt spanishbulma i like mine mean with a soft spot for me.rt majorpoonia highly prof armies never rape goat n run parchun dukan you declined to accept mortal remains of ur soldier rt trashyforkpop jiyong being shy when he saw himself on the screen. a gdragon my8seconds rt spanishcvndy i m nice just don t annoy mert explicitg0dd sundress season explicitg0dd so ready to do more with my life..rt niallofficial i know you ve been waiting and i m delighted to announce my new single slow hands will be out 4th may can t wai rt rapmonupdates i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award. strong powerrt sadshrew fluffyhaise tell her to slide in my dms uwurt gidi_traffic naturecorna exercises improves the rate of recovery from cancer by over 30 . giditraffic gidi_trafficrt freddyamazin me cleaning rt davies_will his leg keep turning green. this mean we need to de-stigmatise green leg rt jheryl89 soonest teleserye for janeoineza dhivyadharshini vijay award only basuki_btp god will always be with you pak. i need me a man who love star wars a much a me i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award at that time i wa youngrt ciothesporn rt if you re active amp never won a giveaway i ll surprise a bunch of you with sephora amp ulta e-gift cards rt aleenajolly_ punishments of rapist in different countries around the world gt gt gt i love you self. 1st rat pack show  nick_holass i think i m built like a white girl lolrt psarchives_ vip elite boudoir ootdstyle picatweet tastymade teamthugg darkdesires hotnsexy justclass follow rt marleyibeotmt i got attachment issues i don t let people get too close.come bring your head first . what it s amazing the icon rt jendziura i just heard the term broflake and i think this is gonna change my lifert rebellyus i can say that i m attached to nobodyrt stain_less8 high waist black leggings discount code for 10 off slim rt stain_less8 high waist black leggings discount code for 10 off slim rt _ateneowvt blue eagles showing also what heartstrong really means. goldandgloryateneort mynameisface nipsey hussle wasn t just talking it.. he followed through on his. rt stain_less8 high waist black leggings discount code for 10 off slim rt kardashianjesus i like banda but i like shaking my as music toit s also easy to focus on nzers but this affect all those with pr presumably we also have to ask if it affect asylum and refugee visart embem_fifi holybangtan let s do it armyy .. i vote bts_twt at the btsbbmas btsbbma for top social artistrt stain_less8 high waist black leggings discount code for 10 off slim rt jin_kimjeong i vote for bts_twt for the top social artist award in the btsbbmas butterflyrt stain_less8 high waist black leggings discount code for 10 off slim  bigtits teen blonde sexy camsex amateur thick pussy picture rt stain_less8 high waist black leggings discount code for 10 off slim rt ashedryden of course his name is brad. rt stain_less8 high waist black leggings discount code for 10 off slim rt manjushri_kmc meditation class in your area - happy mind happy life buddhism notjustlakes rt stain_less8 high waist black leggings discount code for 10 off slim  b_brashier_ me if i carried a pursepriyanka chopra sweep away the competition at met gala 2017 with trailing trench coat dress antifa at the university of queensland have some fucking work to do. i am fuming.i am voting for justin bieber for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote justinbbmas intlroleplay hello nancy-ssi are you older than me rt army_league i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas vote 100x a day on bbma website tweet rt 100x a day on tw  mads_elam good luck rt wajahatkarim10 myogiadityanath where r u sir plzz do something about neet date extension it really urgent plzz neetug17dateex rt islamicfreedom allah is the greatest rma aerospace executive search recruiting solutions - rt de_giovanna garybarlow good morning sunshine xx rt theurbanslangs what did i just see. could you be my muse lately all i think about is you and i m never sick about it btsbbmasmy quora post zigong high tech zone signed 4 billion 100 million yuan graphene industrial park project in sichuan rt cnn here s a first look at elon musk s next grand idea fixing los angeles traffic nightmare rt lucaspeebo make yourself busy. you will be fine.think ima go to the nailshop tomorrow rt selenafanclub make sure your tweet include selenabbmas to vote nyt ha been consistently garbage since the beginning of the election idk why a conservative writing an op is the last straw for so manyrt team_twice vid 170501 twice instagram update rt motivationalmsg improve your flirting abilities - rt annie_fritz college freshman tip don t bring your whole closet to school b c in reality you ll wear the same 8 t-shirt after your fi rt biackziian bruh why are white ppl like this i m fed up. big thumb up to episode of american gods. absolutely loved it. p.s. i have read the book.rt planetepics sometimes this  aruchama gotcha hope you can hang in downtown la at least a few time tho there s lot of good food out there rt audrey_clari so glad i got to spend time with my bestfriend on her birthday also so glad that she is so happy bc she deserves it rt girlposts when u click on a mutual s profile and the follows you is gone  if you re not prepared to be wrong you ll never come up with anything original. forty leecuhs leek or margaret rt ssrajamouli thank you so much suriya for your kind words.. rt eduardo_lacs what senseless waste. why kill such a gentle creature for sport rt if u want global ban on all trophy hunting  schoolidolu where is my first year d rt radiodisney and the rdma best male artist go to niallofficial congratulations hestheone how ivanka trump does comfort-focused style flared trousers amp amp block heels love s a game wanna play  rihanna ur forehead tho without fail it s in later hour when craving for the simplest of human affection sink in.rt jinjjarevil here an explanation of bts not today . jungkook s english made my heart boom boom lord of the rings shook icy icy like 1017rt citizentvkenya mwaura i used over ksh.29 million in the jubilee nomination citizenextra rt douglas_guy prom is so stressful bihactually i m one of the coauthor rt nora_zhang0602 here is my vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist of the year.i vote for bts for top social artist at th rt btsgainmutuals rt this to gain yoongi stan mutuals i vote for bts bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt kiarap_13 i can never fall asleep early lolthis is a classic rt kytrambts i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist because love them btsbbams rt woridstarcomedy retweet in 10 second and you ll get best news ever rt suparlove7870 fun pics for grown ups..rt sweetviolettes from which star have we fallen to meet each other here friedrich nietzsche from a letter to lou salom photo north korea say us bomber flight push peninsula to brink of nuclear war rt lujain5__ russ rt vivian_dsenaweb good night all very tired today amp in pain too.. hope it get fine soon.. not talking abt haya it my leg..  clarkhind will do cheer definitely believe god sends you people for a reason. i will never doubt thatrt dawn_m_ same -me a a therapistrt muffinmaid4 hey you sexy people go follow the very gorgeous luxbbw she just made a twitter bbw feedee bigboobs rt tootsiee__ can someone feel this way about me the 60 foot high rumi darwaza is a symbol of lucknow. behold this imposing.. rt posefilm i knew she d come thru a look. metgala pat buchanan s white house battles rt fforfresh i c o n i c metgala2017 metgala rt kimbellerly i am voting for bts_twt a top social artist award at btsbbmas namjoon likes clear weatherrt nkmalazai what made the army react through twitter - a must read by marvisirmed timidrosee i am voting for bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmas jhopert maichardology hay. we just really hate how they treat you. alam ko nasasaktan din kayo. but pls know we re here to back you up mained i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award 26hooly shit those a11s run exhausted me mell_delmage thanks lovely. they really gonna make that scammer movie and leave the whole world shook rt oseicanyou_see out here helping my manrt jqkjoon i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas min suga cheonjae jjang jjang man ppoong ppoongmood rt turntalien manager meet the new employee tell him how great it is to work here me rt army4lifee billboard sprintlatino we got jam haters have no jam rt if you agree also vote for bts_twt at the btsbbmaswhen you want sleep but shit is duert damiandove9 shell bikini set available in 2 colors discount code for 10 off slim rt 2015smetgala jennifer lopez metgala rt mirthxm all everyone of u is trying to do is make shit workrt lorysissy garybarlow only 3 day for wonderlandtour we are ready rt jiminnieqt btsbbmas globalbts i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt mygoldentae yall better vote a lot my boys deserve this i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artistrt globalbts you know you can have me to vote bts for top social artist at the btsbbmas over and over again rt jrrizzoyt welp the zombie chronicle wa actually confirmed by the esrb thank heck i actually have something to play this year yjnuni off pas .oh god travel nerves just set in hard here we go woo zlexluthor my face when i hear zack snyder is directing another filmrt _alees that s b last night i called to tell you about stuff and you were like let me think about it oh that s right by body part are like personalities. lt opbbph gt ahiquotesrt mhdfarisaziz covering aurah perform five daily solah know how to read the qur an know what s halal amp haram. these are basic. not rt usbtsarmy official voting faq for 2017 intl army can vote on the website as well if they have a facebook account i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award taetae is perfect speakerryan senatemajldr jasoninthehouse senategop housegop waysandmeansgop this go-round of rape america to redtube woman having screaming orgasm rt sputnikint journalist at whitehouse demand to know why medium ignores antitrump violence  riahgonzoo it will fad so fast though just go all blonde i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmasrt bbcscotweather no excuse for not getting your washing done this week folk here s gillian with the details. rt btsarmy_intl keep tweeting and rting until you reach your 100 tweet vote btsbbmas damien_levi pb ub is v comfy. try some on at adidas store when you pop to nike. you won t regret. go half a size up on your normal sizert bbcleicester woman held after human remains found in bag in hinckley rt popcrave jimmy kimmel share tearful story of his new baby son to plea trump amp the republican to vote no on aca repeal. rt heidistea when i saw the look i couldn t stop laughing it sure made my day rt damdave22 nigga you suck rt hanguyen626 i choose to vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award army always support bts btsbbmasrt chaskaborek i have also played back on the wing this season and im happy anywhere on the field. -- antonio valencia mufc -- antov25come on u guys we can t slow down now we have to make it keep it up fighting i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt bangtandumbs i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas my dog look so shook coz of the th check the official video future - cent remmy ft joey b centremmyfuturevideo centremmy01 check the official video future - cent remmy ft joey b centremmyfuturevideo centremmy01 rt manon_nollet what a beautiful month rt bbyknk dongyeon is shaking check the official video future - cent remmy ft joey b centremmyfuturevideo centremmy01 check the official video future - cent remmy ft joey b centremmyfuturevideo centremmy01 rt gurmeetramrahim an exhilarating aura all around received a grand welcome by million of fan gathered at the mega event blessing check the official video future - cent remmy ft joey b centremmyfuturevideo centremmy01 rt stevstiffler the irony check the official video future - cent remmy ft joey b centremmyfuturevideo centremmy01 naira may trade around 390 dollar amid cbn intervention check the official video future - cent remmy ft joey b centremmyfuturevideo centremmy01 rt patamanijuan dear phone i drop you. i say i hate you. i throw you. i lose you. i forget about you but i can t live without you. sinc how to pronounce usages rt rt jenniepics 170501 blossom_960116 rt gian_tcatt revealed amberrudd_mp the director of two offshore firm r4today torydirtymoneyi am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas. army fightingrt u10tpics 170303 cr. sweet world gyujin rt dayasbecky alex aiono - passionfruit amp loyalty mashup rt trump2016fan should potus sign pelosi amp pryan spending bill that fund illegals refugees abortions sanctuary cities h2b visa rt bombblackgirlss lawd have mercy  porn teen nsfw oralsex bikini sexy camsex asian guyana girl wild how to vote jb nd arirt 8bitfiction i adore you. i quite embarrassingly tell everyone i see.rt giovanimrdy i vote bts_twt for bbmas top social artist btsbbmas today we fight iamabdulhaye i don t get any what they write in arabic i ll be givenrt jimwaterson british press corp is locked outside the white house because our birthdates were submitted in uk format and secret service i feel like you know how to get into people s head you bet i dort cbsnews cop shot in head when man open door at scene of domestic dispute rt barnardos the old 5 note cease being legal tender on friday donate your finalfiver by popping into a barnardosretail st rt __aylinn sis.. i just wanna know what it feel like to get shown off like this  samcrimesscfc it doe matei m voting for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award because i ve read somewhere that we should use one hashtagrt jaimindaphon am i quick-witted .. or just.. quick wit it.. rt ggug_00 i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt zeddwalker 5 i voting for justinbieber a top male artist at the bbmas justinbbmasrt bts_army i vote bts jungkook bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist awardrt 30secondlndie evanescence - my immortal rt aliasvaughn let me sum it up for you 1 preet bharara swept up all the goody to give ny ag schneiderman to nail trump. 2 trump and i had that dream a thousand timert brocuba_ berhuhuhu ustaz be like that s crazy rt plz_connecting . bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist. house of cardssouth korea deploys missile shield  ianmbunde cazorlaroba 2022 our mp will be the governors of nairobirt shakavhope y all have fun in manila jealous in ina very briefly like in a hurry i vote bts_twt for the bbmas bts for top social i dont rememebre everythingrt thediyideas puff pastry four ways  nikougly crazy pupusa s be so candycorso mortara torino traffic counter - trafficflow 21 vehicle min iotnetrt camvineyard excited that vineyard national directors from 20 country are coming 2 cambridge 2day. pray 4 thier rest amp that we captu rt derekcarrqb just learned that johnno_uc3 played an entire nfl season and still didn t have a driver license.. amazed hefinallygot rt onlyfuturistic don t stress over what you can t control.rt trevellanderson this is how you do divorce. metgala rt xixg this is how it look when you ve offered nothing but every cell that s in your body to someone who never appreciate rt jauredramatic this artist deserves endless attention wow no i hate that rt damnitskendrick i d do anything for my momrt gabbyykins luv of my lyf rt aestheticclips dear diary my teen-angst bullshit now ha a body count. heathers 1988 i am voting for bts_twt for the 2017 bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt unitedbypop win 30 to spend at officialplt to celebrate the release of rulesdontapply. follow unitedbypop amp rt to win. t amp c i vote for bts_twt a top social artist award bc bbmas bbmasbts bbmastopsocialartistaward bangtan hwaiting rt leiaabby me falling for the same nigga after i told myself not to rt digitalkeith is growthhacking just the new guerillamarketing via huffpostblognow you re lying next to me giving it to mert travelnpleasure 7 tip for a better time at the beach - beach holiday vacation travel traveling rt queerjhs i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas circle room cypherrt carlyhenderson_ you know i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas had so much fun interviewing them htt rt aleenajolly_ mind-blowing photos of milf ava addams and her enormous chest gt gt gt rt armyvn_twt i voting for rapmonster bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt spanishbulma i like mine mean with a soft spot for me.rt sean_beyond1 daddy in the making. rt allbtspics i vote bts jimin bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award rt to vote that boy i love because it seems that it is not of this stupid world djohn_1994 gmb it s a blessing on thursday and friday when he isn t there  jackieaina hey i gotchu amazon came thru rt iamdavidyapii people committed to strengthening democratic institution would ve called for an audit of our election system shortly a photo shah rukh khan s welcome message for katrina kaif is too sweet rt godblessing4you my connection to god allows me to create all the good in my live.rt godblessing4you my connection to god allows me to create all the good in my live.i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist dopert bobongquotes when i care about someone i really fucking care. graceetom that top left picture tho rt godblessing4you my connection to god allows me to create all the good in my live.rt astros double play end the game astroswin 6-2 excellent analysis from csis rt godblessing4you my connection to god allows me to create all the good in my live.rt jeonggukupdates i voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award. errbody say la la la la lart godblessing4you my connection to god allows me to create all the good in my live.rt lovejiangsu marvelous photo capture the picturesque city of rugao a city known for it resident longevity in jiangsu prov celebrating my bos bishop rt wodiliewode teetering on the verge of non existencert ka3y__ msjoseline amp missnikkiibaby relationship is goalss rt armyvn_twt i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt bryozuh y all ready to cringe rt honeychook person have a good day me i do what i waannt rt pettyblackgiri i can call my father jesuss. jesus. im fucking screeching asjshkaj rt jiminnieqt btsbbmas globalbts i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt bombblackgirlss lawd have mercy rt h0x0d surface laptop weighs 2.76lbs 14.47mm thin at the back 9.9mm thin at the front and ha 3.4 million pixel btw w brigety and time is just so cruel i vote for bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmas abreakkfrommstatessyeahh rt frankwarren_tv en route to today s press conference in belfast with paddyb_ireland jamieconlan11 and more updates from 12.30 batt these proven ways will help you get pregnant with twins in no time  hanaea2 _xkikix you re free. rt sugaonthebeat39 i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award i love suga yoongiya saranghae  sex_and_sadness just liked my post on instagram. fitting photo shah rukh khan s welcome message for katrina kaif is too sweet amateur brunette babe creampied rt kalebramsey1 the littlest thing make me the happiest rt coeur_peter morning sunshine when will you return sun sunshine london city view primrose hill home green fresh air you re perfect deserve it btsbbmasrt itskamaiyah stevie j need to be neutered ..really can not be done with this today. mind and body are not in the right placert sexualgifs_ mood rt badassalmaniac only 2 days 2daysfortubelightteaserrt btslaughs jk do u think justin bieber sunbaenim wil- jm jin hyung jin hey jk stob it i vote for bts_twt for top social artist you may even want to do your neck a little like a pigeon also.. rt bigbangtansnsd who is bts search them up people you ll be glad you did i bet my life on this. vote for bts_twt for top socia i dont even have to check to know my inbox is dry a heck rt theapplestore1 july 4 night 279 dogfriendly holiday cottage sleep 4 forest of dean rt m0chamami smh listening to white ppl music when i m extra depressed gt gt gt i vote for arianagrande for top social artist at bbmas arianabbmas shshshi vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award sisrt giovanimrdy i vote bts_twt for bbmas top social artist btsbbmas park ji min shyrranikka i miss you more yes pls i ll be waiting.  krcompanion wendimclendonco ucbtla leann_bowen gibblertron amirtalai paulbwelsh oh shit thank you will fix and repost  haunted_black he grinned slightly. why are all girl so damn worried all the time he moved his hand a bit. i h rt bluray04 on sale fenty slides use sale100 for 10 off get yours rt girlposts my inner monologue remember not everything is about you. also me rt arianawwnow rt for the good luck arianabbmas arianagrande ariana for bbma rt holybangtan armys lets do this btsbbmas rt omksmusicfeed lil jon amp the eastside boyz - bia bia ft. ludacris too short amp chyna white mrealtun1 premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart stephenathome trump called kim jong un a smart cookie. that s crazy -- he reminds me more of a murderous soft cheese. rt partythieves shoutout if you winning life rn. fuck the haters.rt plaza i m just trynna be happy. rt naazu695 throwback to my old haya vm darkhaast part 1 rt kidfury donald glover look great. this is a thing that happens head up dont shake those same hand rt ricsl1600 cares that have entered once in the breast will have whole possession of the rest. - ben johnson aldubxdtbylettinggoother fan are celebrating while luke is heartbroken by all of this. let s support luke larzayleaisoverpartyi m voting for bts_twt for bbmas btsbbmasthis vote is for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist of the year.rt soulsdefence justice for diamond and sophia two defenceless dog tied to moving vehicle beaten and poisoned join dj flipside s vip list s official fan list and receive news event and more  akookid yea gon put me on at yo job lolrt pyepar jaden smith is the type of ex who break up with you but remains with some attachment rt theeintro won t ever understand how these bitch getting mad over the gender of their child when they re blessed enough to e  inside_showbiz belle_jian marydaleentrat5 solidmaymayofc mmeofc maywardofficial maywardflyersph  gehadd_17 it s the theme you idiotbestva x4 1200w dimmable full spectrum led grow light for medical flower plants rt zuliananur00 bbmas bts_twt strong power thank you i vote for bts_twt for top sosial artist award btsbbams btsbbma btsbbmasrt champagnep0pe step 1 make her laugh step 2 make her moanrt taemiin_1997 btsbbmas i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist. neighbourhdyth hey guy just want to let you know that i love every song you put out and can t wait for you guy to blow up much lovert bts_bbmas_vote i choose to vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award amy_kuehl but then i bought some arch support insole and my foot feel so much better. or also wear running shoe rt defencepk but the u.s military occupation of afghanistan is kosher. when you try to binge watch something but hbo want to cut the last 30 second of a show out because there s credit rolling lt rt mattmfm both this tweet from official wh staffer and the act it s depicting cabinet secretary electioneering are obviou yaamyn s father briefing medium after submitting letter to policemv weareyaamyn rt jdbvotespree bts stans are using way too many spam account to automate vote idk if bbmas would allow this but let not go their way this is my vote for bts_twt at the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt doiceroses i m no famous person but i rlly wanna see 5sos again amp the ticket cost a lot so pls help a girl out rt gidi_traffic naturecorna exercises improves the rate of recovery from cancer by over 30 . giditraffic gidi_trafficrt jiaersupreme i m actually gonna cry taking a trip rt guardian jeremy corbyn s plan to end student tuition fee is far from barmy leap into life - dipaliya story of an emerging social economy that combine tradition with innovation. rt vminissi jin wasnt exaggerating when he said the population of the entire world wa watching eatjin.. the entire world is now voting f rt stfuslutx you grimy if you d leave ya man with only 20 in his saving just for a damn ring .. one day i ll learn not to take such long as nap during the day ends soon are you looking to find true love online dating might help win 1of3 six month membership over 43s i can t sleep with this heat bitch ur not mah mommah to scold me i can tweet what i want so shut the modah fuckah oh well i still need to foxus on my babies. btsbbmasrt army_league i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas vote 100x a day on bbma website tweet rt 100x a day on tw to indulge in recognising make one s knowledge sheepish wweromanreigns just hope you re alright you know don t need you to be injured bad.. you do still have a little girl at home.gasped w joy basic rn no custom graphic made yet but i m so happy it s updated thank u cammodelexpress rt sireynicole i hate that i tried this a soon a i read it rt scarletslipperx yano when one person message you asking for advice amp complimenting your work..then sends the exact same message to 2 rt pizzaital sarah harrison talk about surveillance julianassange wikileaks snowden anonscan helpsnowden couragefound rt mrsplugg this little leg get me everytime lls rt etnow zendaya s brightening up the metgala carpet in this vibrant gown. hi hello this is my first tweet pls support ha for more videosixty seven i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas firert gidi_traffic naturecorna exercises improves the rate of recovery from cancer by over 30 . giditraffic gidi_trafficrt elleuk . bellahadid in an alexander wang jumpsuit metgala i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas run thaisub produce101 ep.3 - sorry sorry 2 rt myopenmikenite great new track and video from katlofficial get the new cd today and crank it up m meta  itsarchieboy i tweeted this firstrt dodo thousands of rattlesnake are lured out of their den so they can be killed at these contest snakeadvocate rt kangaesports here is the official kanga dance peformed by braxiusau i m here for this  queentyy__ wait tf y not lipsense retired blackberry lip color unsealed unicorn tiff_mac12mcco premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart mitchkimpark i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas kimtaehyungrt lacking_filter boehmerb frazzling this is absolute bullbird. he wa driving around in his dumb blue truck before he resigned. th rt johnanjos bbmas top social artist 1 bts 12 549 700 votes 2 justin bieber 1 340 500 votes live count rt creamcanechim btsbbmas i vote bts_twt btsbbmasrt namjoonftafi imagine bts on stage with the award amp their faves looking up to them i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social arti rt namjoonftafi imagine bts on stage with the award amp their faves looking up to them i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social arti rt namjoonftafi imagine bts on stage with the award amp their faves looking up to them i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social arti rt namjoonftafi imagine bts on stage with the award amp their faves looking up to them i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social arti rt namjoonftafi imagine bts on stage with the award amp their faves looking up to them i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social arti rt patiencerauhl forty eight justinbbmasrt namjoonftafi imagine bts on stage with the award amp their faves looking up to them i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social arti rt kineticseasons 12 i love this the kid is so cute bless rt namjoonftafi imagine bts on stage with the award amp their faves looking up to them i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social arti rt namjoonftafi imagine bts on stage with the award amp their faves looking up to them i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social arti rt namjoonftafi imagine bts on stage with the award amp their faves looking up to them i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social arti rt namjoonftafi imagine bts on stage with the award amp their faves looking up to them i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social arti rt namjoonftafi imagine bts on stage with the award amp their faves looking up to them i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social arti rt namjoonftafi imagine bts on stage with the award amp their faves looking up to them i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social arti rt namjoonftafi imagine bts on stage with the award amp their faves looking up to them i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social arti rt namjoonftafi imagine bts on stage with the award amp their faves looking up to them i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social arti rt namjoonftafi imagine bts on stage with the award amp their faves looking up to them i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social arti rt nctsgiri mingyukimlobeu maliashake hoseokmyking pastelkooks bbmasvotes2017 bts_twt i vote bts_twt for top social artist award rt thefunnyteens i cant stop laughing at this rt kaevlone rihanna on taking an hour to get into her crazy outfit - vogue rt lyricreserve ophelia the lumineers rt holybangtan armys lets do this btsbbmas rt inejalina screaming lala having ring on every finger but one rt dailyloudtracks new wiz khalifa - pull up with a zip audio rt cyphergod_tae if u see a tweet about stop from voting. its a false rumor. ask them to delete it. i vote bts_twt for top social artis victoria s secret angel adriana lima displays her assets duringhot photo shoot rt j_her_nan_dez thechicaloca32 nigga u ugly rt katieejane there s a hexagonal storm on saturn and i m obsessed  adamjohnsonnyc pathetic rt peterschwartz2 this is very cool. the real space age is finally beginning. this shemale is really beautiful and horny a well. she wank her cock until she jerk rt bangtaened i vote bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award stigmart bluray04 for sale denim vintage bodycon dress use lit for 10 off shop  offclastro i diedrt kumamoninfires yxngi_ revinagracielaa bulletproofairy bannsuga rappersikk btsinti bbmas bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for top so rt purplebiebsx jndnfjfjjc i am voting justinbieber a top social arist in bbmasrt mindykaling diaspora on fleek  trillrevolution idk don t worry about it  jeonsmirks ilovebts124 so what if we are crazy no matter what they say we the army s will make our bangtan win game horizon zero dawn tips read more.. intrusosenvivo whatsinweb  nowplaying superstition by stevie wonder 04 05 the definitive collection nowplaying tortured soul - movement 2006 on deefuzz_techno techno mix gt there s lots of woman out here can t even have their own babies. and you re mad over the gender..what is going on in sunderlandhour nu yu indulgence bath.. sunderlandhourrt misahgase i still love jb s baby i vote for justinbieber a top social artist on bbmas justinbbmasrt mingyukimlobeu maliashake hoseokmyking pastelkooks bbmasvotes2017 bts_twt i voted bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist aw rt btsarmy_intl keep tweeting and rting until you reach your 100 tweet vote btsbbmas horiamoanab huhanaduncan trying to make it too watch this space. otherwise i ll be living it thru you horiamoanab rt walterm natalie kestecher talk about working with sound - and she even mention me thangngo rt premierleague 2 4 pl goal 2 0 pl assist only one person ha scored and assisted 20 goal in a pl season - arsenal  iainlg what question wa that answer.given in trying to find it nzqtpetroceltic confirms support for algerian energy sector opines on energyrt kyakaclutch this app is something else rt korena001 yall.. retweet this it for real this is basically doannee rt cthastrophe rt for 19 ffs -rt pinned -no request please -checkingbia_cordonin premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagai vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas mmrt standbybts i am voting bts_twt for the top social artist awards btsbbmasrt petercrouch yes emre cannike flyknit racer orca black white oreo black tongue 9.5 rt dashirunn bogo shipda i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artistestar 3-0d by ce due to 2.0 patch and bad draft v ce - korean coach drafted for estar.rt nbastats lebron put in work with 35 point and 10 rebounds. game 1 belongs to the cavs. sapstatlineofthenight check out new work on my behance portfolio divine threading eweb what a queen omg reading this 1st i wa like my hurt then i realised i don t have a heart we also bully aj for thing like -b i m hungry. i think it s time go to sleep.i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award i m halfway there bitchim voting justinbieber a top social artist in the bbmas bieberbbmas yafhshrt rosesandalcohol i need a someone to cuddle with. no sex i just want to feel the warmth from their bodyrt totalzackward 4 of the next 20 people that leave a review for get restoration dvd s signed by me amp jamesculle  ldimhng2 i m voting for bts_twt at the bbmas top social artist award 2017 . . . bangtansonyeondan army fightingrt worldstarfunny bae let me see your phone me  stupendouswave that s where i started ero doujin mean the sexual fan fiction. it s drawn bukakke ahegao nakadashi and so on.designer women tennis bags rt boogie2988 look all i m saying is that if getting fat shamed made you lose weight i d be a goddamned skeleton.yoo so joon  _tamiak after a sequential amount of disappoints at christmas a a kid ..i try be my own blessing maker rt globalbts i vote for bts for top social artist btsbbmas let s jump throw your hand up and scream together pump it uprt bangaloretimes1 musician raghu_dixit is very happy to make his sandalwood comeback a a composer with happynewyear because it s monday i have a lot of unsaved number in my phone and some of the people would probably be surprised to know i haven t saved their numberrt topsocialartist btsbbmas ha already been used 1.290.33 time in one hour between 00 00-01 00 cest .rt suga_th i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award tok long tong pim pen english mhai ka rt dublinairport may 1 is the irish festival of bealtaine which translates to bright fire amp is midway between spring equinox amp sum  career opportunity for field engineer 17-01383 - ca - rancho cordova aptask. more this time next week rt ambss_h a lot of girl on twitter are rly fake friendly grand island ne may 1 climate report high 64 low 32 precip 0.21 snow 0.3 weatheri m thinking of the store specifically because i frequently get pissed off at the straight kissing and fondling each othernew tumblr post tweeted iftt twitterbia_cordonin premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart sincerelylew i hate all of you who voted for him. hate you all. i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award bbmas rt hdyhazmn so beautiful i cried jacob this is not okay im gonna die dacobjarezzo rt kathleengr76 got my copy of what is moderate islam looking forward to reading amp interviewing umardaudkhattak abt his chapter. rt shimmer_bts i voted for bts_twt in the btsbbmas top social artist award via youtubert taiz_49 anyone who ever try to defend rape or a rapist automatically disgust me you came out of a woman how can you defend violati rt army_league i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas there s no voting schedule vote 100x per day on website rt iambrillyant go where your vulnerability is celebrated. your scar are not burden your openness is not a weakness your healing is i rt tayzonday my voice is so unexpected i ll film myself on snapchat or instagram and believe someone else lip-dubbed it.rt dukespearzz good morning britney spears will always be loved  dreamerkookie i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social award rt namjoonftafi check your hashtag there s a hashtag to mess you up like btsbbams i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social arti i liked a youtube video the truth about gingersrt goldengateblond i will never forgive the people who voted for you. rt harrys1dempire follow everyone who retweets to gain twitter follower  tampaelectric power is out 33544. phone 28 i need charged so i can wake up in the morning for work inseong of sf9 used to be an sm trainee so he really trained with johnny omg  spazzykoneko pickle relish cheese peanut butter sandwich. is tasty but sound not tasty.rt bts_jimini95 i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardhey fate cooler idea azuras the noble and corn her knightrt shimmer_bts i voted for bts_twt in the btsbbmas top social artist award via youtube quiriniusr amike4761 and he doesn t care if that religion is islam..rt crystal1johnson all lost in a book. another image that will never make it into the mainstream media. rt shortdancevids when you go over to his place and you wearing his clothes rt bigbadbanjo has the boy on the left got a snapchat filter on or is that his actual heed  max_melit such a great show toort kencavee i be so used to people falling off with no warningrt btsbbmas last update today btsbbmas 17 931 500 tweet 10 805 500 retweets 60 204 400 reply 1 88 200 tpm max 86 female 14 rt edthesportsfan props to ryan anderson doing work tonight he s overcome a ton the last few years. words via arcurtis11 rt fox2now drivers and jogger caught ignoring sign about flooding road closure sexy korean girl porn i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmasrt rcorbettmep oops yet another little consequence of brexit we overlooked  tinker266 clairepilkingt2 morning ladies happy tuesday xx rdojessi momentumdash momentum i hate when a female hit you with that woman to woman bullshit rt seaneelily cheryl in labour i m in bear payne liam that s it rt ellibeen im voting for bts_twt btsbbmart cyphergod_tae if u see a tweet about stop from voting. its a false rumor. ask them to delete it. i vote bts_twt for top social artis rt chrisevans i can t like this enough. beautiful. i m voting for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt sin4vik that nigha still there.  kensingtonroyal hello. charlotte happy 2nd. birthday. have. a. good. day. love lynn rt jimmykimmel my wife and i welcome a new baby and it is quite a story.. rt ayeelevis i love stanning dork redvelvet fanart rt nobby15 birmo the 2 faced senator as this proves he changes colors to suite the policy 2 may - 2017 rt taehyungry_ i vote bts_twt for bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas tbt jin wearing a red cheongsammay god protect the world from the radical islamic terrorists. good night and god bless you. god - khudi .. rt funny i stopped fuckin with april fools after squidward took it too far and did this rt dontrockmarooch fiona simpson mp for maroochydore strongly belief in don t rock the maroochy. fionasimpsonmp i m just traveling and stacking paper that s allrt mailinh822 _joymin you have to say vote for bts_twt then they would count your tweet btsbbmasrt trevellanderson la la soon to not be anthony came ready metgala what you see is what you gethe deserves freedom alturkiparolert mariaisabelsev wa cleaning my room w selena playing and then rt andrewti uh maybe everyone should be in a strong fucking union and have good health care rather than racing to the bottom rt gracklee looking forward to bagani they ve been shooting like forever lol and another movie can t wait lizasoberano rt headshottoby btreacle17 open at thehopetheatre next week starring claytoncast stephb667 olliebeardsley fergusleathem here rt jauzofficial i want u guy to know it s ok to go to a show and not do drugs. u might even have a better time.rt mattomic the sandwich alignment chart why is there foot in my tlrt sodamntrue i need me a man who s gonna let me put on show like this while we make breakfast on saturday mornings. rt the_masked_one6 liberalism is really about two thing virtue-signalling amp the destruction of personal responsibility. velly817 nvm old heada new favorite timmy trumpet amp scndl - bleed by monstercat on soundcloudlike not even 10 minute after she left the review i emailed support a long as message filing like a claim on hera new favorite blasterjaxx amp marnik - heart starts to beat preview lt out now gt by maxximizerec on soundcloudrt cortneylynn these are the two men that did this to my 15 year old nephew. i want their face everywhere their hell ha only rt aaishloerpd happybirthday to this actual wasteman can t express how proud i am of him amp evrything he s achieved ma. love from live shot of me trying to get my life together. rt wagenerstefanie bkstg justinbieber bbmas i vote for justinbieber for top social artist at the bbmasrt chaekihyunz billboard i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt vodkapundit dear speakerryan amp senatemajldr friendly tip if senschumer is smiling you re losing. hope this help and also try rt maddiful aldubxdtbylettinggo who wouldn t be conscious with his smoldering good look jackpot en poy alden richards rt princepuri16 oyerjalok gurmeetramrahim insan_honey msgalltrading itwingdss jesurprise amazingrt justinhendrix let this sink in 20 of republicans are okay with treason. our democracy is truly on a precipice. a major party ha  stevehadlow tiff_tv drivetribes nobody ha a blue tickfor recording lectures.. rt dailyariananews arianators vote with your saved accounts 250 rts tweets 250 votes i vote arianagrande for top social artist at th  gordonachaffin so true catching up on veep now. love it so much rt _karenmoores_ duncanlindsayhia can you give u a clue to when robert and aaron move to mill yet pleasert kendallsoutfits cake and bella  careyoates let s just wait and see what happens. always better when you do something like that unplanned.rt liuwendaily liu wen at metgala rt dopedaegu i vote bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas a shocking statistic show that i really love yoongi.. which.. isnt jamnlexu18268ri cast my vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award of the yearso blessed so movedyet another study of almost 100 00 kid showing mmr vaccine not linked to autism..  notreadyforlife i lov ur art so much _ uis professor to go on strike starting tuesday rt maiphuonng_vmk i love how sincere their lyric are so i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award in bbmas btsbbmasrt rodriguezthagod when nigga question ya milly rock rt biessedchic i love hearing i saw this and thought of u rt biessedchic i love hearing i saw this and thought of u rt biessedchic i love hearing i saw this and thought of u rt dorhyemi where is the real fashion icon queen fan bingbing metgala rt biessedchic i love hearing i saw this and thought of u rt biessedchic i love hearing i saw this and thought of u rt biessedchic i love hearing i saw this and thought of u rt biessedchic i love hearing i saw this and thought of u rt biessedchic i love hearing i saw this and thought of u rt mopul5 i m sorry i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt biessedchic i love hearing i saw this and thought of u rt frolyndile beliebers don t forget to vote justinbieber in his seven nominations on bbmas justinbbmasrt biessedchic i love hearing i saw this and thought of u i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award. awake.rt gentle we won t forget each other right rt biessedchic i love hearing i saw this and thought of u rt johnrentoul i thought this couldn t possibly be true. vile politics. rt biessedchic i love hearing i saw this and thought of u rt woridstarhiphop when bae doesn t appreciate anything rt tiredgiraffe itsborrego some fake don t click them.rt biessedchic i love hearing i saw this and thought of u just posted a photo rt 6addies love a nigga that ll boost me.. tell me all the right thing so i can bless your message with that attachment 12 image lm rt biessedchic i love hearing i saw this and thought of u rt sowhitegirllmao did you know you can light up the iphone logo just like a macbook rt sowhitegirllmao did you know you can light up the iphone logo just like a macbook rt sowhitegirllmao did you know you can light up the iphone logo just like a macbook rt sowhitegirllmao did you know you can light up the iphone logo just like a macbook  baby i tried..but i can t unlove you 1 followed 1 unfollowed me monitored by rt sowhitegirllmao did you know you can light up the iphone logo just like a macbook rt sowhitegirllmao did you know you can light up the iphone logo just like a macbook rt sowhitegirllmao did you know you can light up the iphone logo just like a macbook rt marios74 this is football you re walking in d miraculous dis new month u re blessed happy new month 2349034081965 crystal fountain ministriesrt chelseafc _pedro17_ wa delighted with yesterday s win over everton.. rt sladeseye imagine thinking we get dressed in the morning for the female gaze. toxic femininity in a nutshell. i m literally s  ifooya marble_tk don t forget tony s brother rt canada_bts vote_for_bts__ bts_twt we re currently 20.4m btsbbmashow to be intentional in the simple parts of life with reed mitchell - em150  cyaanvex the box is what i m trynna get in. after the heart. but yes.rt jasmlneiiv this teeth whitener is absolutely amazing i got mine from  superblue623 gingerunman yeah definitely i ve decided just to do the half and try and break that 2 hour mark rt gidi_traffic naturecorna exercises improves the rate of recovery from cancer by over 30 . giditraffic gidi_trafficrt angelbunsiog i m literally so tired of being nice to people and going out of my way to make sure they re okay and happy just to be tre have a dinner with me laterdamn rain..rt suweegg i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award -am i wrong-rt thelionking_eng give me one good reason why i shoudn t rip you apart. -simba thelionkingi ve either met them all so much or getting old or a combo of both that i can t even remember them all now. so fortunate to have met them.rt nora_zhang0602 here is my vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist of the year.i vote for bts for top social artist at th rt world_wide_wob kyrigoddamndiculous swerving got somethin for you normal powell .. come up to the table and serve yourself some of rt actor_siddharth pakistan enters india territory ambush our soldier then beheads two of our men. your move mr. modi .. more th rt canadian_crown dyk ontario s motto is loyal she began loyal she remains referring to ontario s loyalist settler canada150 rt mindsconsole there s a difference between somebody who want you and somebody who would do anything to keep you. remember that97175 u d stationary vehicle motor car on n1 northbound after ramp from 14th ave. all lane open.it is so weirrd i mean i can write and understand so easy but when i have to speak omg give me a knife i dont even know what to sayrt bangtaened i vote bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award if bts tweet the hashtag everyday then yall know who ll win lmao realetybytes i understand the argument but disagree.i love when frank s alter ego come out i m here for it boo  freudians_lip pipterino what a lad. he sound bloody hilariousi dont have time for sleep . joescxle you re amazing and nobody can tell you different xrt kidfury donald glover look great. there are only 30 vaquita left in the world and no time to lose. add your name to help save them then rt rt cvpcxke you re seriously all i wantthis is my vote for bts_twt for the bbmas this year top social artist awardrt moni_monn topsocialartist bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmashow to pronounce rachael raying rt andfun rachel glisten ray gloss fly good rachaelrayrt babyxtee_ a outgoing and ridiculous a i am i m an extremely submissive partner. like i can take charge no problem but i prefer my sh outlast 2 play series incoming from today on my youtube channel. no commentary. no facecam. plain gameplay in parts.rt paula_white lord pour your spirit out on every heart desperately seeking you rt musicchoice voting btsbbmas go behindthelines of the not today video with bts_twt exclusively on our app rt gotham do it with a smile. gotham rt minagorie01 bangtan you are my everything btsbbams bts_twtrt stfuslutx you grimy if you d leave ya man with only 20 in his saving just for a damn ring .. rt gwapotangina i vote for bts_twt for bbmas top social artist kimseokjinfor the btsbbmas award for the top social artist award i ve decided to vote for bts_twtrt raphighiights 21 savage - no heart  epl top four 1 chelsea 2. spurs 3. liverpool 4. city. think that s pretty much how it s going to stay now rt buckatlist in need of a roadtrip through the mountain rt genderreveais very cool reveal rt allyprovost this is the first documented song abby and i sang together and the stair are so awkward but they have the coolest rt bbanimaivids those ear lol. i m not that typical bitch tho i hope you felt really good about this baby girl. may 6th is coming and so is my payback that did not just happened..lol asstoyedshemales clip libres  news you need to see this like this should surely interest you car wa driving away not toward officer when officer fatally shot texas teen rt grabesila live travel adventure bless and don t be sorry. jack kerouac aldubxdtbylettinggort taehyungpic i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt ffarsenal the big problem is this rt davidfrum the punchline is not the jackson comment but trump s self congratulation on being 1st to ask why the civil war had to happenrt kimiyap bernardokath asapsummerfresh makeup by justineclaudia7 hair by chrisrodil rt annie_fritz college freshman tip don t bring your whole closet to school b c in reality you ll wear the same 8 t-shirt after your fi how to get a huge rush of fb likes in seconds amp turn them into easy traffic amp sales today just posted a photo rt crucialiezl hunger game strike justinbbmasanything is possible with hard work and dedication rt alexa_kim10 globalbts bts_twt i m voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award fighting rt kuyakim_atienza whatever i do talagang gongyoo eh rt porn_videosgifs bridgette b nina kay rt spnsuga goodnight i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt money23green i appreciate everybody who came before me but your job a a player is to make the game better than it wa when you got i two room flat in peaceful environment 2bhk apartment forsale sodepur kolkata residential property rt chloeprescott15 but imagine how proud i am of bronniemusic right now rt lindaburneymp this is ridiculous. a review by the same guy who did the first review to prove that his original review wa right rt exercisegif add this ab circuit to your core workout rt urbandoll wow goal so blessed i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas threert ascaniospread if all men are same then why do woman worry so much about picking the right guy rt suparmind7870 here s how much sex you should be having according to your age..rt ilenia__1992 happy sunday everyone catboxsunday  daily_express she rang a national news paper to tell she wa going to have sex with a married man would kill for rt anthonyfjoshua seize the moment. iwill underarmouruk rt marjie30 if love is shelter i m going to walk in the rain. marydaleentrat5 barber_edward_ mayward growinginlove rt angelle_116 as expected c edwardo pa ba hahaha mayward growinginlove rt kevin_dasd scuzzybooty 102 scuzzy. and she s not happy you asked that question.rt theeintro won t ever understand how these bitch getting mad over the gender of their child when they re blessed enough to e  gmtv the tv clock is wrong by one hour my mind on donut man  gaystation41 therealsonyonly trashstation4 leemoreyx alejandroid1979 unclephailure tru88 doctorps4 rt thefunnyteens ugh i m so fat. i hate myself. i m never eating again 10 minute later rt zaynab71990 roses speak 2 her in a language she see or hears her each beat pulsates with a thousand word you r the only in which  bonedwarf well no. i told him in person. also subtweets..rt 1allaboutbts of course i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardwhen comcast xfinity come for a service and see you re squeezing out a much speed with your modem router cable setup then throttle yourt miningfulmoment i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardromantic movies i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award throw a stone at me if you ve done a much a i didrt abdashsoul word on the street is dangerookipawaa gotta secret album in the vault.. lolall blogger den pop star and new mother janet jackson to resume tour after two-year break confirms separating rt tradatruthb this neither tripping rt drugproblem blake lively in versace. she look gorgeous  we got married open audition contact wgm_pcc want no rt hayesgrierps retweet in 10 second and you ll get best news ever  intlroleplay solar eonni i need to get everything did rt memeprovider he look nervous  topic for essay writing for highschool student topic for a narrative essayrt berti_and_ernie here is a cute sleeping labrador puppy for you. i love my country nigeria.. ahmadu bello university rt heyyhiewhatup i vote bts_twt for bbmas btabbmasrt nghtq trying listening 21st century girl to see the reason girl should vote for bts_twt btsbbmas for the top social artist award rt kolby182 any 2 white guy could walk up to me and say we re the chainsmokers and i d believe them.daniel howell sound so good im just not used to it do you know how much hotter it make him  thetimchristian tim happy birthday dude. you re a beautiful man. keep it up now playing ride by edj theiceman ft. kilo da shoota click link below at 346 college the share of student receiving a pell grant is le than 20 . rt plz_connecting . bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist. take it awayi liked a youtube video payback 2017 amp raw 5 1 2017 review house of fat slobsrt fs2_sbs a wonderful morning inspired by hhshkmohd our graduation is next week can you come rt yeonkimin9393 i m voting for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award. btsbbmas make it legend a.r.m.ys what ran 4th rt akshayerathi so bahubalitheconclusion ha crossed the business of raees in 1 day premratandhanpayo in 2 day amp dangal in 3 days. rt tingiing sad part is..y all be hurting the girl that s really down for you.rt joedyd hi gentlemen if you have r2 00 and your wife ha r18 00 the total amount of money in your household is r2 00. are we tog one in four property transaction in the uk is now funded by parental help according to new research by legal and general and cebr.rt larryislegend i feel like everybody feel like the migos are our cousin and we all proud of them.  xiaomuarisu oh i know just like saying how it s good again lolrt nashgrier airport yogart vanz_1028 i vote bts_twt for bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas just one dayrt thefunnyworid this is marvelous i vote bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas you know it all you are my best friend mcc_party you talk too much on wipermovement nomination yet you used opinion poll to award certificate shame on you.rt reaganbattalion if election were held today and these 2 former presidents were on the ballot you would vote for rt genderreveais moms reaction rt tweetlikeagiri retweet in 10 second and you ll get best news ever rt worldshiphop mom you re so dramatic me no i m not also me in the end waking up wa the most difficult part. showered drank coffee vitamin ran to bus station.. now that i woke up here i am dayrt nskathy bjp is celebrating civic poll victory and other hand we are losing life of soldiers. where is their fake love for rt voteshawnok shawnbbmas shawnmendes i miss you performing in norway rt wkamaubell again sorry to get you caught up in unitedshades neiltyson.rt zinca such an amazing review tku so much joe s pure evil lingered in my mind long after i d turned the final page. rt landpsychology a cygnet asleep. rt willy_whoo for real rt ngubtsvnfp i love bts and i want to vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award in bbmasrt nicolasturgeon great may day campaigning across the north east today with alexsalmond eilidhwhiteford callum_mccaig and rt scarfizal so they are responsible for the looting of saving and earning under gej that took u into recession an open area in siliguri s ward no.44 ha become a dumping ground for wastage collected from the area. residents.. it s been a while since i been herert allkpop shinee wrap up their 5th japan tour with 250 00 fan rt carlyhenderson_ you know i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas had so much fun interviewing them htt rt godly_life o lord my god i called to you for help amp you healed me. psalm 30 2rt sameerb35681696 yesterday killed by pakistani army in pasni balochistan uno ungeneva take action on pakistan s army i vote for bts for the top social artist awards btsbbmas i vote for bts for the top social artist awards btsbbmas rt gidi_traffic naturecorna exercises improves the rate of recovery from cancer by over 30 . giditraffic gidi_trafficgoing to enjoy making my way through these beauties. newbooks rt holdmetightbtst i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas .. i m your hope i m your angel- bts rt criminalbaby309 english practice time i m fine thank you and you bts_twt for bbmas btsbbmasrt ngubtsvnfp on this spring day i am voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas because they are my first love.rt bellabs basic computer language is 53 year old today. retweet if basic wa your first computer language thisdayinstem rt buzkili appreciate that you can still feel because nothing really worse than not being able to feel at all.rt whitecodeine mood 24 7 when you in the car and the radio finally play some fire rt korixdenise that hair pulling shit during fight is so whack. y all can t fightrt whitecodeine mood 24 7 when you in the car and the radio finally play some fire rt buckatlist when the sun smile the bird smile back rt whitecodeine mood 24 7 when you in the car and the radio finally play some fire rt rubyrose my date wa the hottest date rt ianloc_ yea what you did wa piss me the fuck off i lowkey got my hope up for nothing rt gets1ck88 live in just a few minute teamssg supportsmallstreams twitch pub rt bblackbaddies why she gotta do u like this metgala rt dumbtwituser sleep we dont have time to sleep we always on that gay shit rt twoinspeaks weed or being exhausted . rt thatssarcasm mood need moneyrt doseoftradley photo the boy celebrating james birthday on saturday glasgow 29 04 17 rt everyb0dynose 2 chainz is gone lmaoo these stockton filter keep getting uglier and uglieri ve voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas teamwork make the dream work. rt army_league we re doing our best to answer you all but please stay patient. if we don t answer personally it s because we answered it rt theweekndrug date someone who give you chill just by the way they look into your eyes.rt squawka most take-ons completed in the final third this season e. hazard 82 r. sterling 52 a. traor 55 w. zaha 54 rt gidi_traffic naturecorna exercises improves the rate of recovery from cancer by over 30 . giditraffic gidi_trafficrt cuteemergency i care deeply for about 5 people in my life and about 400-600 dog i ve never met on instagram.rt oliviacaridi house hunters episode husband i m a parkour specialist wife i m a professional snuggler together and our budge rt inkinorbit my phone ha apps that help me manage med track symptom store information about my disability and deal w rt aabha_v 4th may is nearing. lord help me slowhands niallofficial rt sodamncheap just when you think it couldn t get worse.. it does. rt monextdoor time to bathe u.. silly baby rt governorvirgo oh slumber where art thou rt gxldpevrls ciara just had a baby like two day ago with her husband . i promise you she not worried about this nigga . there s supposed to be at least twenty five people in this class. there s currently ten including the teacher bheandres bts_army_i see previous twts canipashow does it go past the anime s ending and ovas rt jimconnolly ouch - mailchimp is getting really expensive.rt taiz_49 i wanna love myself or at least like myself soo badrt somexlcan lmaoo omg i m a dad rt srisri right from birth to prosperity peace education health every pursuit every aspect of human existence depends on labour. la gn world rt sumiappleberry no fandom is a dedicated army. we can win. it s so easy. btsbbmas dontkaire this is cuteaun no puedo creer que hayan bloqueado facebook youtube y league of legends en el housing.. i mean fuck you cold as bitch.rt girisstyle i want this why amsterdam is more than just red light district amp stroopwaffles via breathingtravelpolice buy-bust op net shabu worth p10m no suspect rt maliashake bbmasvotes2017 i vote for bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmasrt rmonie_94 i voted bts_twt for btsbbmas for top social artist awardrt bigmoneymike6 all my haters are mad at me lol. i predicted a red day on amlh amp i was right i predicted a green day on pups amp  heymandarae me what is a good audition song for tracy in hairspray yahoo popular from wicked don t rain o rt dragonflyjonez bron said he would ve sipped some red wine mid playoff game v that dumb as dinosaur team amopines pmoindia arunjaitley adgpi narendramodi all preparation 4m r side.h master moral science guru pe inst rt sleepyzee getting called mama is the cutest shit everrt kanyeposts don t worry about me i got me.initial d extra stage released on my birthdayhappiness doe not come from outside you.rt imetbeyonceonce issa full course meal metgala rt happybny kaching congratulation boy rt aishaelx thread of duas for exam season10 min hmm rt deeplostwords when life is tough pray. when life is great pray. thejuliebenson massawyrm alwaysrt trwreact jeff atkins wa the real mvp rt jdbvotespree get used to it rt to vote for justinbieber for top social artist at the bbmas justinbbmasi am voting bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt czechraw str8 stud fuck his best friend in the as it just like a girl as his friend told him you want big reward you have to be willing to take risk..how much doe your cat trust you catlady rt bb_mknat love yourself justinbbmasrt amateurphonevid brush fuck rt kimbellerly i am voting for bts_twt a top social artist award at btsbbmas i love jimin s jamssur radiofgflorian en direct c est lp - lost on yourt charlesmilander the secret make us 10k month click podcasting 101 how to build an audience and generat.. rt justphilanddan he look like a dad who just received an email from his kid s teacher about their grade dropping at an alarming ra rt badgalmyia they outfit are on 100 rt girlposts me getting ready to judge all of the metgala look despite the fact that i ve got about 0.05 in my bank account rt lilhoely you blocking somebody is a sign of you filtering the bullshit outta your life. no one is entitled to your communic three electrocuted in nairobi after heavy downpour mw rt eric_john caballerjaguar ziggystarxoxo eric_john schoolgirl seduces her stepdad dir toniribas rt bts_argnews army we must work a we did today until the last day so bangtan can win. i vote bts_twt for bbmas top social artist b  jihoonsbunny holy shitat least half the mystery novel published violate the law th.t the solutimn once revealed must seem to be inevitable.rt emotionaifuck it seems a if everything is always my faultrt louisemensch jeffgiesea namicommunicate ten_gop fbi great. did you ever communicate with any russian entity or person during rt yoonminroyals so the highest record for voting is 41 million watch army break that in a day or two btsbbmas rt dnaafterhrs salmankhan s tubelight to have a grand release in china rt cdf_nz the nzairforce just released their 80th anniversary edition of the airforcenews read it now at beltane blessings rt plaza i m just trynna be happy.  coolsmartfox xxdreamer2206xx oh is that so sips my wine with a bored expression creator preserver destroyer virgin mother crone clotho lachesis atropos  apki_bhn you re jokingi did not expect to see a person who care about gamergate in 2017 the year of our lord on my feed tonight tbh rt scotteweinberg without writer you have nothing. no story no cast no ad no profit nothing. wgaunity ht  notetoself be independent. do thing on your own. appreciate others. learn from mistakes. learn till you puke rt lonerems there s nothing for me herert x_copen_x what have i done i kinda had fun doing this though persona5 p5 rt commonwhitegiri me i want a boy to like me boy i like u me rt leadingguru here are 5 question from ancient wisdom that will make you emotionally strong. leadership resilience rt louiselivin wish i wa one of them naturally pretty girl cause without makeup i legit look like i ve not slept for a good few weekrt bangtanitl music choice posted photo of bts on gettyimages 170322. to obtain license for the photo hq no watermark visit rt michael5sos did i have to pre-order easter egg who would ve ever thought .. rt aishaelx thread of duas for exam seasonreliance communications provides update on demerger of tower division of reliance infratel what s hers it s mine rt marklevinshow bill shine forced out. meltdown at fox a rupert murdoch effectively turn the reign over to his liberal son .. sexy brunette uk girl petite but busty hotbabes dating snapchat rt taehyungbase i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas btsbbmas top social artist award sorry but this is bangtan yearmany zimbabwean sex worker in the capital are opting to relocate to neighbouring country rt geezajay2013 rt the fuck out of this let get this wanker caught he burgled this house monday morning about 9ish he took 3 year remember when people worked hard in order to fund their business or project instead of setting up a gofundme account and begged neitherrt luunna03 whenever i go to milpitas still on search for 3rd job.. an odd job would due. just need to bang out certain bill while i build up my brand.there s something therapeutic about driving around listening to music amp smokingrt josephprince the most powerful one in the universe care for you and watch over you constantly see ps 121 3 . he s got you covered rt iammzilikazi when the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace. jimi hendrixlol everyone who thought my..devotion.. to johnny depp would ever endrt iceseason101 happy 18th anniversary spongebob. the first episode help wanted aired on this day in 199.  eddieonfox benmaller dannygradio uhbroncofan did the lakers just lose in the playoff or wa it the clipper rt dragondigbick dara s pex back in 2007 about someone proposing to her in her dream aka more detailed of her dream in get it bea rt theipaper rachel johnson say liberal democrats only party offering a second look at brexit giants won in los angeles yes yes yall..daughter bday party nowrt btsarmy_intl i vote for bts_twt btsbbmas top social artist award rt if you stan talentwith any luck i can get to the cinema by 5.30. otherwise it ll be an hour if window shoppingrt lcruzofficial late night vibe  jnicyj i don t get it nairaland three-storey building collapses in rivers state photos buy industrial supplies at gibadi.c rt olugbengablacks it is time to include all the senator and minister on minimum wage..we need a policy that will make politics le  _amazingmorgan autumnlouise89 spencerowen enjoy league 1rt hotaruxtomoe im in lov rt msgfanclubhry such a cute pic of gurmeetramrahim jesurprise jattuengineer jattuengineeron19may aand that s some gore on the tl. goodbyeni reaksi excited teruja ker nervous ker all in 1 jannanick95 ..apa2 u can do it. take care amp be careful dear altman z-score analysis for gravitas financial inc. gfi altmanzscore  mlb wire rockets-spurs houston win the matchup and the game it wasn t supposed to i can t sleepgotta carry the torch.trump critics circulate a tweet about ivanka there s just one problem via dailycalleri think this will be me hahaha rt galacticdad this is what mac is gonna look like in season 13 rt fadnavis_amruta maharashtraday amp internationallabourday celebration - watching ipl2017 cricket wth bmc sweeper community.happy h  vincedemello wen they d never seen m cud they have dna sasha_saffron s100maggie anotherviv bananamouze bitconfused90 stevebrookstein pialoveslm i think we all really don t want to go to school what s streaming on netflix amazon prime in may i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas today we fight i want to die.i ve always wanted to go stargazing amatuer tranny thumb rt oitnb we have an open bunk for you dark overlord. rt ahoestory guy hi winter love what you do. you re the best. infact hoe story is the bomb .. they ll now end it with pls a rt yasmineshorbagy why is she so beautiful enough. rt sovalmani normani is representing atlanta new orleans and texas and making them all proud rt yarashahidi this is insanity rt mlb jumping into tomorrow like the circle - dave eggers nightshade look 796 rt stonepa11 life come at you fast i m honestly tired of negativity. rt ogbeard son what lmao rt ppscslv cheap promotion - starting from 5 for amazon ebay etsy alibaba shopify on fiverr rt plaza i m just trynna be happy. on set adfilms 1dxmarkii angenieux girl i m too much excited so i m voting for bts_twt for btsbbmasi need u i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas  ollieomega im promoting it buzz china s shot at wikipedia aims to be a great wall of culture via globalbuzzlive rt poemsporn talent fucking up everything i have and pushing everyone awaylets talk about sex honey join me we must not stop with this retaliation barbaricpak must fear to do same thing modiweakestpmever propaganda is f epl predictions picks top players for week 36 premier league fixtures rt s_vaenuku having a big heart is challenging but it always pay off rt troll_cinema shattering amp breaking all the existing records marching towards 100 crores baahubali2incinemas  kthsquad i love u rt relaxingview caught between a strong mind and a fragile heart. mochimingming thank u rt bigmoneymike6 i have a special surprise for mm ascm regarding pups .. i saw u on bids today .0032 looking for cheapies i w penguin and ivy were really good together gotham yunggothami liked a youtube video getting cheated last second - mario kart 8 deluxe gameplay nintendo switchaurora co - kkw trucking inc - otr company driver - class a cdl truck driver - title class a drivers needed 11.. rt dariusuncensord carpe dm. rt djwilliams__ take the damn picture marcus rt girl_a_whirl if he style his hair like goku chance are he can t afford to pay for your dinner too.rt karliekloss metgala 2017 with houseofherrera same hustle same trap just working on a better score juugalldayrt dailyariananews dont forget to vote ariana for bbmas 500 tweets 500 votes i vote arianagrande for top social artist at the bbm skechers women s shape ups xf energy blast fashion sneaker ilm issue area forecast discussion afd rt jikookttaemune i vote for bts for the btsbbmas top social artist award she she ashert colorfulzouis hello my california people which show are you trying to go to to see harry rt therealtjae i thought kahwi wa supposed to be better than lbj..stop it peopleour poloshirt perfect fit. choose your color. 91stars mensfashion menstyle  justinbbmas let do it better i m voted for justinbieber a top social artist at the bbmassamsung pay for gear s3 launched in south korea samsung today announced that it ha launched samsung pay for the  intlroleplay i laughed. what is this. you sounded like wheein-ajusshi.rt oyerjalok another surprise by jattu himself gurmeetramrahim jesurprise jetshirt jattuengineer insan_honey rt tingiing how stupid of me to think i wa the only flower in your garden..rt ggreenwald more revisionist bullshit not only ha us funded countless death squad but obama s terror strategy wa based on  apitconnect - back office executive jobs in bhubaneswar - talent hunt staffing solution rt mikegalsworthy with the brexit divorce bill the eu_commission should provide a cost amp value breakdown for the british public htt a journey to the heart of aikido - youtube rt indermendiratta dew21lana nataliya_le smc_su elsufuen sofiasande7 sharuana pavelulybkin overjas 5dream55 dominiquepucini rt savegilly wow this is why i love ppl. rt shortdancevids nothing can stop me i m all the way up rt musicchoice voting btsbbmas go behindthelines of the not today video with bts_twt exclusively on our app rt army_league don t forget to vote on the website too 100 vote per day. open internationally must have fb acct. i vote bts_twt in bbmas btsbbmas top social artist award. my ub - maknae linrrt jungkookcokr i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award kassilee27 i ment nutty flavorrt urijjp you should see this bambam1a rt mikefarb1 unhackthevote what i saw at the michigan recount this is what happened. this is our election system. maybe you can lead me to forgive myselfhere are the free games with gold coming to xbox one and xbox 360 in may xboxone rt yourseives dont lose a girl that ha seen your flaw and still love yourt bkstg rt to vote for justinbieber for top social artist at the bbmas justinbbmas rt armyvn_twt i vote for jin bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt suparmind7870 fun pics for grown ups..rt suparmind7870 fun pics for grown ups..4 people followed me and 4 people unfollowed me automatically checked by 95cm ice fishing rod with reel set 2 in 1 material glass 3 color for winter f .. ayyoo happy bday bro xx whatcilliandid lovin u x i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbma bbmas im going crazyyrt ngwata_ growing up dog had fierce name saddam arafat gaddafi simba. nowadays you meet confused doberman called lulu mimi mem rt noveliciouss we do not need magic to transform our world. we carry all the power we need inside ourselves already. j.k. rowl rt valuablequottes nothing is permanent in this wicked world not even our troubles. - charlie chaplin 5ea5erpent yeah he is that s mad always thought that wa his name. learn something new everyday why do i feel like all short guy are nice asf libdemfightbac libdems if it good enough for the french it s good enough for u too rt hayesgrierps retweet in 10 second and you ll get best news ever rt rickwarren i will not be afraid because the lord is with me. people can t do anything to me. psalm 118 6 ncv votdlet s fly with out beautiful wing in 2017 a well i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt bklynmike3 you are under no obligation to make your oppressor more comfortablert sf9nation photo the show twitter update with sf9 i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award isipsegi sonyeodeura live your life live your life come on babyrt akashagarnier know who you are. show who you are. wednesdaywisdom rrbc shinethroughthenoise rt sickflowz witt lowry - higher ground reaction wittlowry reactionvideos rt 6papl this the video when i knew uzi a carefree black girl this vote go to bts_twt for the bbmas award for top social artist 2017 dopert thefunnyvine god bless this man  mattgoss cannot wait  aka_i_d_i_o_t i ve not seen it it s on my listrt urbanattires tanks back in stock mention a friend shop rt tahayasseri a great demonstration of why we need to plot the data and never trust statistic table rt elliciaroxanne hello i just choked on my cup of tea because of this rt lsababe me hearing my own voice while i talk and realizing it s the most annoying ugly sound i ve ever heard i m so tired of thisthis dubai startup s patented technology has stirred up delivery services in the middle east ecommerce digital so interesting. runescape osrs doublexpweekend buy r gold with 9 off code bess at rt exercisegif ab workout like the 4th tonight lmfao dave78pdx open source email marketing software you don t know excuse me i vote bts_twt for btsbbmas bbmas top social artistrt enmichael 10. withdrawal of voluntary contribution is no longer subject to tax if withdrawn within 5 years. hrwithem stanbicibtcrt ahlephia humour my witty banter knws no bound creativity heart and sexual skills. rt jiljilec i slept it away rt wxwise1 we too are presented to god thru the hand of his mother. we must pray the christ life in u should grow amp develop  renato_doee what a tragedy welcometocordovart kekistanparl i would have thought it obvious but republicofkek can you confirm  katedaviesforbatgirl love that this is trending realkatedavies xrt girlposts blake lively and ryan reynolds are goal af oh jesus freak are singin jesus freak are singinrt itmeirl me irl when the time is right it will happen. vwsn_airport 2017-05-01 22 30 00 temperature count 60 low 7.0 c average 7.32 -0.24 c high 7.77 crt legzmahoney_ i fucking love type o negativeyou didn t even bother to hide that 5 o clock shadow for your senior pic mature men drinking breastmilk rt alyinas the queen metgala the latest stockphotograph daily travel chengdurt shortdancevids chris breezy mask off rt iibreaknecks lmao his face the whole time during the haka killed it  nnanpei man you listen to your barber but not me smhrt trisalexandra 113. his scream i m cryienfnfndjs rt meenofear woahh really wish winner time soon  football44too indyfootball independent just weird to say he s vital when they ve been damn near flawless for th i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist. the end will be greatrt urbanattires tanks back in stock mention a friend shop rt sofiarahmasari2 suga i m voting for justinbieber a top social artist at the bbmas justinbbmastom brady the weird wa born in northridge ms in 0.blue black i vote for bts_twt in btsbbmas for top social artist award rt soupd6footer lmao trease rt mizubelly i m voting for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas i just sneezed and bts is blessing me by existingrt imohbaba god is love. there is no true love outside him. don t be deceived.if you like the tip we re sharing here please retweet it so others can learn from them too. ozuyuuto i also have zett and klaus art sitting on my desktop.if you meet mr. right amp he turn out to be hivpositive he s still mr. right fact  dundee gordibuenas braid hotwife orgasmo cougardating adult pussylips yes guebo top 6 tipsandtricks to fix the right price for your property rt tanya_plibersek company profit soared 65 last yr but turnbullmalcolm want uni student to pay for 50bn tax cut for big business h rt simplinghugot learn to accept people for who they are. mistermichaelk hey can you and ossianlore and savjazz211 help me block this troll who ha been constantly cyberbullyingrt happybny kaching congratulation boy rt gerryhatric liquid leaking from all orifice a dreadful case of ambifluidity.rt holy_bible_ yet are they turned about with a very small helm whithersoever the governor listeth. james 3 4. b .. jesus.a 100.00 iv wild rattata ha appeared moveset tackle body slam. available until 09 05 12 26m 50 . rt lesbianbae_ rt this if i can dm you bild janitor - youtube . bts_twt intro the most beautiful moment in life i choose to vote bts_twt for top social artist at bbmas btsbbmasrt zmss28 so in love with maine s look in this rejoice tvc rt kkimthai if u wanna date n not break my heart hmurt americooligan my great great grandfather had to kill his 1st cousin you insensitive war mongering asshole rt jesusisstrong you say i can t but god say i can.rt shortdancevids nothing can stop me i m all the way up rt gazman972 2 5 83 fact 75  gugsm solange s invite can stay a well.smoke one wit mert holybangtan armys lets do this btsbbmas rt jordanuhl cnn because trump s biggest fear is a strong and well-educated woman. niallofficial jkcorden and i love you elisasalazar__ i m gonna comeback to this later when you re good amp you re ready to give me this chance baby girl rt daiiypugs i need you rt unilad kids today will never know the struggle i said goodnight a few hour ago took a nap and now i m back on here roseemejera7 bts_twt this tag is fake is not count the correct is btsbbmas please spread it rt yasminnismail bl0s0m_xx and backup choker girl tu pleasert annarenee ha midlife crisis at 19 rt hopburnsblack people of se15 please keep an eye out for this lovable little rascal who s gone walkabout.. rt brand_embassy a day in the life of a customer service agent by stellarcx custserv socialcustcarert facemaskshorty sexy cross halter bikini use code blue for 15 off rt facemaskshorty sexy cross halter bikini use code blue for 15 off rt zipoffs i stole this from somebody s fridge at a house-party six year ago and it s moved to three different state with me rt ocqcs well done qcsofficial - fine ambassador for the royalairforce rafregtrecruit through your dedication rt facemaskshorty sexy cross halter bikini use code blue for 15 off rt facemaskshorty sexy cross halter bikini use code blue for 15 off rt facemaskshorty sexy cross halter bikini use code blue for 15 off  money23green it would have been a dream match up for me to watch. you 2 are my fav player of all time rt kumailn i bet you 20 trump ha no idea which bill andrew jackson is on.rt snappr0bs u prob won t believe her snap story tbh boy are more bitchy than girl half the time rt slavetothebots ran into some amazing georgemasonu student at the mayday2017 rally in dc iamanimmigrant istandwithimmigrants i posted a new photo to facebook rt harryspridepin harry i ll get a tattoo of your first kid name liam it s taylor harry okay.. so what s his middle name mldelgadoszn bye money mikert kweekz actually gonna miss my little dormif eating hot lava cake make me a better goal score i ll take that for the team forzasoj revealing pussy from under the mini skirt thinking about the memory we had .rt ipl ipl - mitch_savage ha taken 36 match to get 50 wkts. only sunilpnarine74 32 and malinga 33 have reached t rt bbmasvotes2017 the boy that are leading by a whopping 10m vote need your help to stay up. rt to vote for btsbbmas a top socia rt shaolinbynature rihanna heard the theme did her homework studied the guide amp that s why she s 1. she paid homage to rei the way rt sexuaifeed mood rt yoongasp . bts_twt run or bts gayo i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasjebby is on the rise once again rt urbanattires tanks back in stock mention a friend shop  cryptoterra lol everybody totally forgot about himrt baeelectronica bisexual woman disclose their orientation straight men with barely enough sexual stamen for one woman i love three you confuse me i don t have . rt wutangela no makeup no care rt 410_dewey ima be up all night  bot motto hyeri don t start something you re going to give up on rt biessedchic if overthinking wa a drug i d be high afrt jonlovett worth watching this in full. rt urbanattires tanks back in stock mention a friend shop rt kidahh i m so numb to everything now. i legit don t even care nomore.rt drugproblem blake lively in versace. she look gorgeous rt gauravcsawant 2 pak post that gave cover fire to pak bat razed to ground army source tell me amp this is not even the beginning rt xenvita my eye are sweating. persona5 trying that thing again.. i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. btsbbmas ..rt flirtynotes everyone care when it s to latert plz_connecting . bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist. i wanna be addicted to your prisonrt metromagph cover reveal today want to see it sooner help u reach 125k follower on instagram metromagph to celebrate rt allygents seokftjimin heavenlynamjoon bbmas bts_twt i am voting for bts for top social artist at the btsbbmaswhen arent you lit lmaoort bieberhuman72 retweet for being a proud belieber 100 retweet 100 vote i m voting for justinbieber a top social artist at th dorme.i vote for bts_twt for the top social artist award for the bbmas btsbbmas 2k171 daily unfollower. crowdfire doesn t miss a trick - via  dadajiminie1 bts_twt 100 tweet per day if im not mistaken i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas bbmas top social artist award.jk the best btsbbmasrt msfemboss femboss just received a sexy tribute on iwant kinkrt taehyungpiics i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas taehyung s naili drive anythingrt eddygss rockets embarrassed san antonio at home astros beat the rangers texans finally have a future houston right now rt lucidchemistry who wore it better  yes how did you know it s true arvindkejriwal ji sardanarohit yesiamsaffron jeetensingh viveklkw satyendarjainlatest asain wedding lengha ivory amp blue with trail heavy blingin stone work nashville this summer rt chuuzus these metgala photo should be framed and kept in a museum for the culture  is life even back then hahaha rt diddy i wa getting tired so i laid down on the stair metgala rt aubrihiconic if we ain t this fun together ion want it wanna get my belly button pierced again i mean why not look at the cause rather than just say have 10k more police. how many more cso s are there regional difference etc etcrt spanishcvndy don t talk about me like you know mert kameronbennett seattle is so dope stuarthelmer put it this way not.because of the may regime s 4d chess-like mastery of international relation and negotiating strategyrt blvckeverythxng but trust me honey you don t wanna try the heartbreak.rt tyierthecreate bitch i might give a fuck about yourt sydcavanaugh take what you need and pas it onrt trapgrampa am i high or is this nigga donald trump watching me shit quality record i would recommend premium real 2pcs front back tempered glass screen protector for iphone 5 5s for the bbmas top social artist award of the year army vnam always support bts i ve decided to vote btsbbmasrt fittvibes vintage denim short dress use code blue for 15 off rt __crazyhittaa mf struggle rt kolby182 any 2 white guy could walk up to me and say we re the chainsmokers and i d believe them. mancelw thank youbrt fittvibes vintage denim short dress use code blue for 15 off dear pmoindia .take a much time a you want to give a befitting reply to pakistan or maoists or any other enemy of india.rt fittvibes vintage denim short dress use code blue for 15 off rt fittvibes vintage denim short dress use code blue for 15 off rt enca icymi jmpd recruiting 1500 officer rt fittvibes vintage denim short dress use code blue for 15 off  kihhyunwoo stob dont worry about me when i wa in highschool i used to pull all nighters all the time i can do it rt fittvibes vintage denim short dress use code blue for 15 off rt merelynora zendaya will not be slept on metgala rt kayye if you know you re not wack don t let anybody treat you like you re wackrt qoquelicot using precious data for this but my boy deserve it i vote bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmasrt bts_ribipham i vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas. btsbbmas.rt ngubtsvnfp i love bts and i want to vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award in bbmasrt ngubtsvnfp those who voted for bts_twt ha been scientifically proven a beautiful. retweet amp vote because everybody s beautiful lmao  nessaa23 exactlyrt officernorman debra amp jay north little rock arkansas rt fistbump_930309 i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award yoongi oppa capzzang zzang zzang man bboong bboongnow playing bastilledan - blame . listen at rt comedypics i m dead rt jinjjarevil i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas legend says if u vote 100 a day ur chances of meeti i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas becauce their music very good. 57 rt _savedbizzle v v watch im the one mv on youtube justinbbmasrt vanz_1028 good morning to all. i m voting bts_twt for bbmas top social artist award. btsbbmasrt sx6yy soifiecooper is online click to see live here it free signup to join  _gotnochills awsome and really beautiful capture incredibleindiart caspar_lee i wonder if slow hands is about someone having a bad golf swing and niall just roast them in his new song rt ghurlocknspc we now have even more motivation to work to win this riding. i am not a filler. my party did not place me here. amp twitter debut slate of a dozen live show 24 7 channel at newfronts event rt lynnmarkham hmfaigen paul george is at disneyland today. people are recruiting him in drove - yelling come to the lakers john_bleau premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagai am voting bts_twt for the top social artist award at the btsbbmas..true..witches dance btspjxmin why you only hm rt firebirdsqld rt with your favourite 90 song and artist combo for the chance to have it featured at firvthu. secure your seat rt lifebetrippin y all boyfriend tell y all to change clothes and cheat on y all with girl who wear what you wanted to wear yikes rt vypesportsguy merissa defines the word -- champion seqathletics rt abscbnsports uaapseason79 set 5 double contact called on natividad. 9-6 ateneo. ranvir01 nick_clegg gmb piersmorgan hardly news though rt solecollector solewatch a closer look at kyrieirving s nike kyrie 3 for game 1. how many fucker died today while yall drank beer and walked the beat today did the u.s. left stop dapl today did we stick it to the man  sarijai_ cool best coolrt 9xjalwa behind the scene - tubelight salmankhan 2daysfortubelightteaser rt martinshovel my cartoon - britain can become great again by leaving the largest trading bloc in the world can t it brexit rt park_chimchimin i m voting for bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmas rt to bless someone s day with namjoon s close up fuck it still monday on the west coast. mitsuru mondays. rt chimasimone forget the red carpet. the metgala bathroom is lit. rt rihbeccafenty my sis rih depends on the situation for the most part yeah  _iamthaplug_ check out our site - or i m sure you find beat that suit yourt bbmasanalytics honestly brazilian army i wanna hug u all vote bts_twt for top social artist at btsbbmas rt __prizzle happy birthday u slag lotownley love u so much rt tbhjuststop when your waiter say enjoy your meal and you say you too you don t own a tv what s all your furniture pointed at and im really thinking about that fr like what is the answerrt amymek enemy within muslimbrotherhood congressman andre carson should be arrested yet we allow him 2 serve spy on the rt imangelapowers before i make a move i have got to let it marinate.listening to - arctic monkeys old yellow bricks nowplayingrt ourielohayon yup. airpods is killer product. they just need to fix the siri crap and add decent playback controls. rt jinbase i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award. kinda nervous bcs today is my graduation announcement rt hyungjessica_af i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award good morning it s a good day it s time to shiinert remezcla cirque du soleil s tribute to soda stereo will make its mexico debut in late 2017 gym today.. maybe.. joedesigns_ good luck rt cslewisdaily there is no use in talking a if forgiveness were easy for we find that the work of forgiveness ha to be done over amp ov rt yedoc1991 now hosting bliznerf go show him some twitch and drop him a follow supportsmallstreamers rt retweet sorry but selena and abel rocked met gala they are the cutest i ship them so hard oh lord they are so perfect i am gonna cryrt orangeade0701 help fund the fightback amp get justice4nhs rt kleapineda hugotporn_ candating arayat rt sowhitegirllmao how the stars of home alone look like 25 years after the movie rt michellerempel watch the arrogance pm trudeau s apparent grumbling about mulcair caught on video rt sowhitegirllmao how the stars of home alone look like 25 years after the movie north korea say us bomber flight push peninsula to brink of nuclear war rt tomthunkitsmind trump transition team for energy department seek name of employee involved in climate meetings. the purge begins rt niallofficial i know you ve been waiting and i m delighted to announce my new single slow hands will be out 4th may can t wai rt boud1sm dvatw labour used to be the party of the working class but now it sneer at the working class. caters for lefty art type in rt edkv2 rakshan93700932 for my sweet loving dearest friend love you my dear have a wonderful day ahead rt constancequeen8 why is everyone up in arm over trump inviting duterte to wh let s refresh this castro memory mondaymotivation ht rt spacesuppiy under the star  the housemaid diaries surrendering to him - sunday slowly slid his finger into my wet cunt rt adarshmishra987 in a party rt kuromahii the three horseman of the apocalypse  bigtits pornstar pussy bigass camsex amateur shemales porn gallery rt iamvishalkapur instead of banning liquor minister spread hatred against men promotes feminism instigating woman to beat husband love u my dear beautiful sakshu edkv2 rt yoonminroyals bangtan is chilling rn while the army are on fire. we got your back boy sit down and relax and we ll give you th rt karima_khanom i am voting for bts_twt for btsbbmas keep on voting a.r.m.ydogecoin wallet rt i__poet a quick taste of her icy lip their time together diminishing as angel descend. sensewrds 255who got the baddest pussy on the planeet d-boys love me they dont understand itrt fatawusafui proud of you brother nanakwedwo rt snatched i hate when people assume shit like just ask mebggfcome and play slitheriostuff magazine s top gadget and apps of 2016 via biz_it gadget apps technews stuffsart theieansquad t-pain without autotune is still crazy rt xmrmakey can we get hi-rez to make allied his own vulcan skin o don t know if the idea wa already said or not. the people s vulcan s rt sookiemurage is shawty alive though rt olball_ i m the worst at replying unless i m lowkey in love with you katheartwell people on twitter call me an anarchist and i m like wow howd ya reach that conclusioni vote bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award one hundred sixteen - firert ghetospongebob spongebob the krusty- me kraahhyabhyabyahyahb pizza is the pizza yeah for you and mee rt aditi_devaraj i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist awardrt taeedoee_ i can sense when someone genuinely fwm and when they fakin itrt gidi_traffic don t let the hustle get to you. play anywhere anytime and on the go click for more inf rt iluke_et jus wanna grow mentally amp spirituality ernest_barath henriqueini christinekoleno mandardhulubulu tizianabasciani ceciliamatranga marykayh188 rt shannonjessie single as fuckrt i am voting for shawn mendes for top social artist at the bbmas. rt and reply to vote shawnbbmas ps.these are m rt nina_dictwo bultaoreune my vote for bts_twt on bbmas btsbbmasrt madhujeewanth please share this rt thesrkworld55 rt if you are tweeting with veer zaara on sony max rt pornfoodies rt if you love chicken rt louisxmichael she say she won t be on tv because she want to be out and about hun if you re on tele you re everywhere at once t sometimes carrie minorly inconvenience my life by texting me back slow.  np team eastside peezy - la familia _eastsidepeezy spinrilla  stargazer0118 mostafa199632 myfangirlinghq guardian take on human mostly so whats the real problem rt andrew_rayel la are you ready for your moments get ready for an unforgettable experience on may 6 at hollywood palladium rt niggacommentary this shit got me crying lmfao rt wwe icchampion thedeanambrose make his presence known to finnbalor amp wwerollins right now on raw rt princeots look at the smile from walmart though. rt chynabee_ i feel attacked. rt tindergonebad almost had her rt mollyyshort i seriously need to fckn sort mysel outrt capitalofficial we asked edsheeran if he wanted to wake up at 6am for capitalbreakfastwithromankemp. this wa his reaction.. rt jiminsgirlfrenj i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. btsbbmas 1rt 1920tommygun and if there s a race to heaven i will always come in last.  yass it s time for a great show brittanienash so embarrassing  saajangill check out the new feature clubs djs bars rt fourfourtwosg memo to team lkt fix the s.league or forget about singapore football sleague sgfootball htt i vote for bts_twt for the top social artit award btsbbmasgoodmorning king of dark fantasy. summon today. app store google play darksummonerrt daisywilding_ lotownley happy birthday to my best friend i hope you get everything you wished for see you later xx rt kingrizzyiv_ i will pass my finals. i will pass my classes..rt rafnayeon kirixbtsx3 bbmasvotes2017 bts_twt it okay with combining btsbbmas and bbmas.rt trillarybanks_ love is being here for me thru watever. supporting my dream no matter how crazy they may be. protecting me. respec rt plerng_pkp i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award. today update 17 931 500 tweet 10 805 500 retweets cr.btsbbm american tv is soo shit  queenofgemsxoxo the_solguardian xxdreamer2206xx blaze what s a sugar daddy i know rouge won t tell me..rt michaeiwalker waiter enjoy your meal me you too me just setting up my twitter. myfirsttweetrt derrickmilano it feel good to know your worth.rt bbmas rt to vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas rt iamblackbear forever 21 god bless u girlwithout any doubt . ..they left deep step on our hearts. ..directioner to infinity.. lt 3 rt cecilystrongx celebrity that use their platform to promote world issue cecilystrong  orthonormalist mishima though in that case there kind of wa a singular god made flesh in the emperorrt tindergonebad we ve taken tinder too far rt lindsaypereira also the dumbest crudest most hypocritical one. modiweakestpmever jimenezzjerome seatmate  scoutriver it s profoundly cruel to tell u to ask for help and then - when we do - tell u we don t qualify for help. want to talk rt coconutoilbae me ignores and distance myself from some1 who s trying to help and want to be there 4 me my self destructive t cosmoz x justneedvictorrt iamblackbear i fell out of love cuz i had 2 uncg21 flex run out quick a hell . make sure to balance flex and cafe visit amp always check your balance rt xslipndie runcrywolf by far ha the most incredible snap . who knew random noise from drunken night could be so beautiful rt moralnecessity corrynmb fabulous. love the last line rt libraterms libra s love long conversations.i am voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award silver spoonrt iamblackbear can we just get coffee and talk maybe fuckrt lala unbreakable metgala rt newlizquenfan ayan na quen never stop loving hopie when i love soembody i never stop - quen yongchavez lizasoberano rt nbstv tamale mirundi once kale kayihura s contract is renewed you won t see notice threatening people again.  njhrebels acc in biort baesxporn ross butler rt odetossieep c mon i really wanna see this 200 rts please rt livetennis juan martin delpotro make play his first match on clay this season v yuichi sugita. a winning return more gt gt feels like i found the one rt sincerelylew i hate all of you who voted for him. hate you all. rt tiumaryjozzeth tickle my neck and i ll tickle your neck with a chainsawrt brouislianna vsiriannixo ugh love u so much si rt thefashioncourt . priyankachopra wore a custom ralphlauren trench coat gown to the metgala. rt redordead07 official manchester united forward zlatan ibrahimovic ha undergone successful knee surgery good luck amp get well s rt tiumaryjozzeth tickle my neck and i ll tickle your neck with a chainsawrt tiumaryjozzeth tickle my neck and i ll tickle your neck with a chainsawrt originalfunko rt amp follow originalfunko for the chance to win an ecc 2017 exclusive jade megazord hikari rt memeconnect the only slide i want to go down rt croon1 thankful. thankfulrt scoopwhoopnews icymi transgender activist want pm modi to take action against bengal bjp leader for his hijra comment doctor who 10x03 thin ice  nowplaying a hard day s ni by beatles a hard day s ni rt hill_queel mother of dragons in a teeny weeny bikini is the right way to start the game of thrones season. rt vynguyenvi bts_bighit i am casting my vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas this year top social artist awardrt marjie30 eight spot.. maywardcoupleofthenight starcinema starmagicphils starcreativestv roxy_liquigan direklauren and laying the foundation for our future growth.rt dogfather__mgwv mgwv siscomgwv schamp65 maryt79718239 cyriel_even maloodileep hazz that s the hazz i knowinspired once againrt songnotanswered did rihanna ever get her money rt aegyotaetae a bit late but armyselcaday rt lifekiis me criticizing celebrity in 20 00 dress at an event i won t ever get to attend metgala pandora put me to sleep rt yourrightscamp colin kaepernick donates custom-made suit outside a nyc parole office the start of the nfl season is about.. a relationship with the good lord whom we serve above all.. rt murasaki_9394 . bambam1a mtuan93 hq link 1. 2. 3. 4.rt my_mgag rip bro.. may god have mercy on your soul.. rt kait_dizzle i wa home for 40 min and already fell down the stairrt jeonggukupdates i voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award. errbody say la la la la lart inejalina screaming lala having ring on every finger but one lovely new photo of actress lilian bach rt faangiirll miss princessfrance ig post. head to the link and show some love. kisses turns18 lovely new photo of actress lilian bach rt billratchet it s almost cinco de mind yo fuckin business lil boyrt enso_bb this. this right here some clever as petty as mothafuckin shit. you go lala.  illybocean bonerman_inc rumoko any breaded and fried food is a sandwichrt kennyboyslay by the i maxed out. good job everybody. i am going to rest lol voting for bts_twt btsbbmas today for top social artist my friend and his shitty modded vape factory reset my phone.i am voting for bts_twt to win the top social artist award at the bbmas btsbbmasrt ap death trap witnesses dispute us claim islamic state group may be to blame for toll in deadliest strike in mosul. rt bryson_rhodes tag someone dead alive who can do the iamkinglos challenge and solve a rubick a cube busty obese wife sucking strapon and get fingered rt breedendam monday blue anyone breedendam breedendamyachts breedendam28 mondayblues motivationalmonday classicyacht rt deadjasx i look my best when i m going nowhere boylesports- casino deposit 10 play with 60 or 100 welcome bonus join here rt csgomassive 500 followers giveaway huntsman tiger tooth retweet follow u activate our notification finishe rt topsocialartist votes 02 05 2017 7 50 cest bts_twt 21.868.300 btsbbmas justin 3.781.900 selena 491.489 ariana 593.370 s i voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awards cypher 1rt biessedvoices i m speechless rt musicchoice voting btsbbmas go behindthelines of the not today video with bts_twt exclusively on our app taking the longest break of my life right now lolrt daisyliz2 i m voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award theyre not just an idol boy group but they are brother fo rt ben_wadey this labour election leaflet in kent is pretty embarrassing ge2017 love trust honesty a beautiful relationship. after a great weekend in seattle thanks rt louis_tomlinson amazing drama cheeky little late walk with mama before sun down river walk bankholiday family bramble rt jeff__benjamin i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt globalbts love you our bangtan.. thanks to you we become army 2 3 vote bts for top social artist at the btsbbmasi have to study rt kgosilesedi muscle memory make them leave space for beyonce. yoongi i love u i am vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas award for the top social artist of the yearrt hopesmiling0218 i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist awardhave you heard virtual reality by illsickbeats247 on soundcloud beats rt ohmycorgi sup ladies. rt maxiuxbb what a hyper active kitten exordiuminnewark doda joia missdivina divinaboys divinagrassobbio ig_worldclub bergamonews portraittop  lavendermami thank you post malone here is my vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas award for the top social artist alsz_bluelotus cvo_ov hahaha it okay. thanks btw  danversproxy detmsawyer -smallest sawyer didn t know why but all of a sudden she felt unusually shy. this wa aft did u do that video bc of me yes..nope. frncissdominc and i wanna be the photographer for this rt ronald_vanloon deeplearning key terms explained and dl relation to ai machinelearning datamining bigdata bigdata datamin  btsbbmas i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award. blood sweat and tear rt topsocialartist votes 02 05 2017 7 50 cest bts_twt 21.868.300 btsbbmas justin 3.781.900 selena 491.489 ariana 593.370 s rt musicchoice . bts_twt damn btsarmy ya ll are crazy and we love itrt btsbbmas rt if you love jhope i vote bts_twt for bbmas top social artist btsbbmasrt noswaggt you mean to tell me neither one of these people are justin beiber rt tikisoka did she really do it aldubxdtbylettinggo rt tyrantsolo idk about you but i m cry i love van mccann w everything i ve got rt bangtanbabe7 guys we are trending again i vote bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmasima brag about it cause it s the best i ever and will have rt imactuallywes i swear nothing make me happier than making other people happyrt bbmas rt to vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas  how can i have sex longer when girl lose there verginity porn pic rt touchmybobby when your parent have very high expectation of you but you re just a smol bird who is scared rt kardashianjesus i like banda but i like shaking my as music tort hangulptbr attention the tag btsbbams is wrong. the correct tag is btsbbmas tag certa gt btsbbmas ps. sorry for t rt aaronmsanchez met gala 2017 check out the red carpet fashion - this year s event honor designer rei kawakubo and label comm..  afroman76 connormarsh2 also the balls. you can t forget the balls.rt ardnie but why.. i thought i wa gonna be late but this taxi driver is doing wonder retweeted yousuf yousuftanzeem1 saveups we demand management of usman public school back. save our school. parents of upstwo b-1bs fly in from guam s andersen air base to practice with sk air force amp carl vinson s aircraft.  hearunitedsing uniteddi hate having to call out of work for being sick but man do i feel terrible gujratsamachar stop following you. india just the one new follower today found welcome tracked by rt sukorfc a sukor sukorians udann veejay_k meera1611 rt reaifrosty me hi person with a hydro flask yeah it stay cold all dayrt snappr0bs u prob won t believe her snap story rt metgala2017 girls. metgala rt ajplus this lawmaker fought back tear a his coworkers pushed to make it easier to deport undocumented immigrants. rt burberry . johnlegend wearing a burberry tuxedo for the 2017 metgala pictured with chrissyteigen i m trying to work out whether having 3 enormous spot on my chin is a good enough reason to call in sick.rt saluteoutsold y all better rt this i voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award.rt armyvn_twt i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas jccraves the weaving of the flower is so intricate.i close my eye every night from twisted reality vote bts_twt bbmasrt fallinhosh omg leeteuk and scoups are going to be mc for 2017 dream concert super seventeen leader line feels thalassemia is a blood disorder passed down through family inherited in which the body make an abnormal form of hemoglobin.rt nana_niichan i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas keep streaming spotify and youtube fightingrt jeonterpillar i cast my vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award for 2017 btsbbmasgtfo e46_m3artin w yo fake as m3 honda driving ass. snap can t even recognize your ugly face as nigga nut quick amp fall asleep headassrt canada_bts vjel97 bts_twt here s the detailed info on who set the record.. btsbbmas the snart is still on repeat this is hellrt ppscslv cheap promotion - starting from 5 for amazon ebay etsy alibaba shopify on fiverr rt ausisfakedeep take what you need and rt for someone elsecarly milan bounader is a published cover girl model from australia check out her featured page - carlymilan iot device will be connected to enterprise network by 2020. learn how to secure your asset  hello my master rt isuccessfully never ignore a person who love and care for you because one day you may realize that you ve lost the moon while count rt fxckmino winner the king of promoting road safety rt quizx92_ cause i didn t want anyone thinking i still care vote justinbbmasi vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award war of hormonert lumiina_ whyriip cutert igorvolsky msnbc chyron for the win fact checking trump s andrew jackson would ve prevented the civil war claim i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmasrt avarakai . hdfc_bank per the card benefit fuel surcharge is reversed. so 23 - should be reversed. but only 20.02 got rev rt ssmusictweet charismatic siva_kartikeyan sivakarthikeyan the time is currently 07 39 am on tuesday 02 may 2017king harvest - dancing in the moonlight dc stereo remaster perception records p-515 1972 oldies104 bbmasvotes2017 army s support selenagomez selenabbmas top social artistrt etherealbwi i vote for bts a top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas but it not only the vote we should stream bts mvs too rt t rt truescriife happiness is playing soccer rt jeonterpillar i cast my vote for bts_twt for the bbmas award for the top social artist of the year btsbbmasrt dirtysanchez47 i cant force u to keep it real.rt dheerusamra gurmeetramrahim jesurprise woow thank you so much for the gift guruji rt gidi_traffic don t let the hustle get to you. play anywhere anytime and on the go click for more inf rt gurmeetramrahim happybaisakhifrommsg this baisakhi take a pledge to not to burn agri-waste in farm rather use it a fodder or.. ht  bugwannostra just go to show how shit our politians have become when joyce is the deputy prime minister of our wonderful countrybangtan i vote for bts for the top social artist awards btsbbmasbuilding an intelligent bot bot botframework microsoftrt bloodfiend_ i just miss kissing in general too honestly hahahart quenblackwell eventually y all are gonna find something that doesn t want to be found. chronicle ghanaians to own 51 of ecg - nakufoaddo kma suffocates under ghc50m debt citicbs from the runway to the red carpet rihanna s commedesgarcons fall 2016 look at.. by king harvest - dancing in the moonlight dc stereo remaster perception records p-515 1972 oldies104rt wneverwalone am i wrong. i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. btsbbmas mayumixgi meant myrt namjoonftafi i want bts to perform at the bbmas to make everyone swerve lane i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist a rt girlposts auli i cravalho alessia cara and jordan fisher performing how far i ll go on the rdmas is the best thing ever rt namjoonftafi i want bts to perform at the bbmas to make everyone swerve lane i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist a rt sexuaifeed this is how my snap look when i m sending to babe rt jbareps read the genelec 8430 ip sam review rt waglenikhil want 50 head for his sacrifice say daughter of soldier whose body wa mutilated by pakistan v rt ppscslv cheap promotion - starting from 5 for amazon ebay etsy alibaba shopify on fiverr rt blog_supplement few high e.g. are the manasa the serpentine goddess who enjoyed a predominantly eastern popularity busy investigating that infamous tweet enter the sprint amazing sweeps amp you could win a 5 00 samsung shopping spree npn see rule all the oh yeah s m.s.retail embroidered bollywood georgette saree pink 88 off rt bloodfiend_ i just miss kissing in general too honestly hahahart rhutabhayga lewis and clark invented the pacific ocean. can you believe it before them the world ended at california. trumpteaches rt memeprovider he look nervous  porn pussy as tit girl sexdating amateur finnish teen nude pic one person unfollowed me automatically checked by rt callmeshitto murderer any last request me hold out phone with snapchat open can u put it on my story murderer u want the flas rt michele51190 my brother used to practice wwe move on me ur doggy are not dumb they work like hell.if dog wa a sycophant u would quickly get ride of it or if it attacked u.i care for u samethingpositivity pack is now following me on twitter hooray just what we need the time is currently 07 39 am on tuesday 02 may 2017rt rajkumarjha it is moment of indecision that destroys the dream makeup your mind and move on.fifty three i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt sardesairajdeep when trps are so important that nationalist channel pay pakistanis to abuse india on tv you know profession is corr brilliant picture of elvis from the past - rt mofaye_ he looks.. nervous. best android phone of 2017 giveaway androidauth - enter here rt jin_kimjeong i voted bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artists award do iti vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist awards iaconian no het ships in my lawn kennygee_70 let s scrap one of d house 1st reduce their remuneration money dt is lost to corruption wil go a long way. it wil motivate urt kr_kk9 it is important to love yourself.. and feel beautiful..rt kr_kk9 focus on.. what s make you happy.. not on what s put you down..rt grownshawnarg i vote for shawnmendes for top social artist shawnbbmasairbnb groeit in rotterdam by rtv_rijnmond via c0nvey marcereazon you good whatsapp group invite rt jrubombers1919 jru heavy bombers defeated the dlsu green archers 85-81 mabuhayrizal filoilpremiercup chronicle ghanaians to own 51 of ecg - nakufoaddo kma suffocates under ghc50m debt citicbs rt rhyne008uy monakulasa thank you teammh aldubxdtbylettinggo rt baesxporn ross butler chocolates everywhere rt 1stmotionworld respect thalapathy fans for not creating anti-tag for thala birthday instead they wished their star in advance thi rt jamelorantia miss youu o s jones say he faced racist taunt at fenway mustread feedly forgive me 4 bein selfishrt younghollywood we re so proud of our girl noahcyrus so fun catching up with her at the rdma rt eduardo_lacs what senseless waste. why kill such a gentle creature for sport rt if u want global ban on all trophy hunting rt kookimee man you think it suck having to find your bra size on land imagine being a mermaid having to find the perfect clam to fitrt jackposobiec dc antifa arrested for assaulting jack posobiec mayday2017 rt amaialyn_ i ll talk to however many nigga i want at once  betroffenheit barcelona click the link below for a few photo rt dannylesty rt while you still can  bestseller air jordan 5 v retro oreo black grey white men size 12 sport shoes i vote for bts in btsbbmas for top social artist award. stream bs amp t not today amp spring day on youtube rt to vote armys jjang 81guanlin s fan are having a fundraiser to put up a subway ad for him throughout the whole period of pd101 ohmygodrt mintdyoga teamwork make the dream work i voted bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award bbmasrt jbcgiveaway i m voting for justinbieber a top social artist at the bbmas. justinbbmasrt kankae it s so beautiful i love it thanks china_bambambar youngandrichbambamday rt andrewkurtser we don t need the largest tax cut ever when wage inequality is also at the highest it ha ever been in the history of t rt manutd have a good one becks rt myoongi_0309 . bts_twt i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas if you already voted 100x today then yo rt wneverwalone i need u to 100m views. iconic legendary extra-ordinary. i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. bt one person followed me automatically checked by rt prisonplanet buzzfeed is cancer and i just owned their shitty racist article. go and comment for yourself. rt trumpsbane apparently the foot surgery that prevented jasoninthehouse from investigating trump isn t an impediment to killing rt worldstarfunny turn on sound and enjoy rt qwertee schr dinger s usb is today s tee on retweet for a chance at a free tee man forced to surrender his offensive star trek license plate - startrek rt jenniepics 170501 blossom_960116 rt pyrrhicwin95 don t wear wrangler unless u like ultimate comfort amp mobility amp think bret farve is just a really cool guy jay_ii_times dr_ducks12 so far 3 ppl hate u discordapp i love yourt herbedunitecomm i am a citizen johnmcdonnellmp spoke to me. i think theresa_may wa hiding somewhere ge2017 votelabour movie title havenhurst. release date february 10 2017 usa . watch it for free here rt hunnidbandeddy why do girl love ugly fat nigga rt joshking2 eyebrow s must meet exceed my strict follow requirement s.rt thefunnyteens i cant stop laughing at this rt btsarmy_intl . bts_twt 1. who is your bias i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artistrt arunjaitley addressing the naval commanders conference new delhi may 2 2017  starwars star wars princess leia in combat poncho with gun from 1980 s episode  white man excellently sings adekunle gold s ariwo ko ni amp it s a must watch video little girl blue a powerful and moving story gt rt shineekmjto i vote for bts_twt for bbmas btsbbmas top social artist award armys uhh what is chill rt ttlyteala ariana grande is everythingrt mongolssilkroad ancient tomb with blue monster mural discovered in china the best bbmas justinbbmas bieberbbmas retweet for gt gt vote lt lt rt luminosity our heart amp prayer are with alliied tonight a he battle cancer. purchase his jersey amp donate to  cootey59 sydneyatheist brent77a why do you call anyone with an opposing opinion an apologist what is apologist so pissed and upset with everyone and everythingrt young_meech5 james harden beat gs he the mvprt cointelegraph why investing in bitcoin in 2017 has been amp will be best choice - by iamjosephyoungrt aegyotaetae remember when taehyung licked his lip before kissing hoseok i think about this everyday rt motivetravelaus etihad europe sale - ends 5 may 17 - motive travel etihadairways europe airfare sale tr rt grant_k_gillon chainsaw craft benmore nr dunoon argyll some fine pieces. if yer lucky when visiting he might be carving rt josn098567 the egyptians used to spend their whole life preparing for the after life. we have it backwards now.rt nflnetwork i m open every time. every time every time. wr dougbaldwinjr nfltop100 bia_cordonin premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart fatmanshxt the_blade_brown watch kawhi work nbaplayoffs2017rt armyvn_twt i voted for jimin bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmastransformers more than meet the eyeanother black teen is dead following an encounter with police. huffpost rt voguemagazine . rihanna discus her incredible metgala look and how long it took to get into her shoes. more from the night rt theflyfaction everyone congratulate linkxge on being promoted to co-leader of fly stayfly why are you breaking mah hearteu i vote bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist awardmotivation for the week. knowing how deep to plant each kind of seed will help improve the germination rates. optimal depth of sowing be..  my snapchat the9sins snaphot snapnudes hornytalk sexting  snapchat the9sins snap snapcodes hornytalk snapaddme here is my vote for bts_twt for the year btsbbmas top social artist award in bbmas maybe i i can never never flyrt _candyclover i am voting for bts for top social artist btsbbmas rt if you want to see bts at bbmas rt sexuaifeed this is how my snap look when i m sending to babe rt charlieputh come back to me.rt niftyvibe is you tryna raise a dog with me or nahmy cut off game legendary. don t try mert flawed_royalty sopeordie nattatatatata_ i ve been seeing this kind of tweet from the western fandoms.. waah.. armys kkaepjang b rt maintishe this is one of the sweetest tweet i ve ever seen on here rt maijajewelry flowerofparadise mine handmade and vintage jewelry polyvorestylei m voting justinbieber for top social artist bbmas justinbbmasrt armyvn_twt i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt solemnmoonlight i vote bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas i cant believe bangtan s here in the ph for a week i have been rt taehyungpiics i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas taehyung s eyeballrt anshrnalimbo five i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas lets do thisrt brookiestweets ride or die. rt gidi_traffic don t let the hustle get to you. play anywhere anytime and on the go click for more inf just watched a video of a female officer yelling at a suspect. all i heard wa screeching and a gun drawn. it wa quite terrifying.rt cbsnews quadruplet brother from ohio will attend college together selecting yale over top school like harvard stanford how to pronounce gus fring a ho rt rt furby2009 rt amp follow powerdirectuk to win a zanussi vacuum cleaner. free to enter competition giveaway drawn 26 5 how to prioritize your work when your manager doesn t - impraise rt vampiroweekend rihanna and lupita nyong o met gala 2017 oil on canvas artist god himself i m sorry no coffee a trafalgar darling but see you next week croisette we talk about her .. rt biondeboj i m just gonna say it. i care so much about fictional character they r my first thougt in the morning amp my last at i vote bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmasrt benjaminwittes notesfromundertrump day 102 in case you need a definitive set of link on l affaire russe this from chongathon ht rt lakeportpolice excellent program and video dontdrinkanddrive rt cherylaks i choose to vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas awards for the top social artist of the yearrt daiiythrowbacks 2007 justin timberlake - summer love wasting money on ppv learn how to profit in your onlinemarketing using pay-per-view. rt legendsofch when she dont respond to ya text but be tweeting all day bless the lord for finally giving u the gut to say something memory is not what the heart desires. gimli.rt dinosaureece like idc anymore if it sound like it doesn t make sense i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsb rt leems0124 conklin41 jakes crucible start at tues 2am until thurs 8am. keep him in your thought and prayers. you got this rt jasonferguson5 fantastic final this evening between 2 great thanks you to our amazing player  baytins oh im dumb lmoart jypetwice twice signal 2017.05.15 6pm twice signal i love twitting when i am on bedrt ynwa_bangtan i vote bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist all my lady put your hand uprt __yom_6 taylor swift serving look at the metgala rt hectorelocho8 attendance will not affect your grade rt mefeater zendaya at the metgala didthat what percentage of women really loves back doors ex and why rt a_siab every single person who helped trace obl arrested but not a single person who helped in his prolonged stay wa arrested.ant ter rt yoongasp . bts_twt triptych or killer i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt fperraudin protesters outside mawdesley hall in south ribble a tory safe seat where the pm is attending a campaign event have a small penis yes you suffer from ptsd.this cause failure.try valliumnot covering pitch rt psychobluue that s three cup and ball back i vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas kim seokjinrt imthinkerbelle starmagicphils thank u star magic for featuring kiss 18th birthday kisses turns18rt xim_g_w_vix mgwv retweet followtrick teamfollowback anotherfollowtrain rt taehyungpiics i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas taehyung s nose molert cosasdearmys i want to vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist. btsbbmascontroversial uk student leader ends term a nus president with shout of free free palestine drown in your tear rt oh_mes twice highlight and snuper will appear on 2017 new life for children to help child with incurable diseases. targeted isis account target iceisis opiceisisbook name tour name none of that will make sense anymore but okayfrench teen get caught masturbating chatroulette bazoocam  smilevalentinaa arropechert moneyweb the price of a wealth tax in sa. annual wealth tax on trust would tie in with the tax system. wea rt gravislizard i can t fucking believe they ed pepsi. rt majagcaoili upfrontatuaap janeenachan omg. it s janeenachan in upfront. but unfortunately can t watch the game live. she s hi louis is a fucking masterpiecert makeuptutoriais eyebrow tutorial. rt mizubelly i m voting for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas awakei choose to vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awards. justtrt jinjjarevil armys please be guided in order for ur vote to be valid please read u can be extra but remember these rt ptawengwa god reminds you who he created you to be amp tell you it s time to take back authority rise up amp reign in your sphe so ..i did this today marathon2018 vlm2018 ballot secondtimetrying handsoffate exciting  bjlt so finding out who his dad wa sure did a number on lucivar. this is cute rt nielgabel i vote bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist awards btsbbmascouple making love when they were so desperate if you confess with your mouth jesus is lord amp believe in your heart that god raised him from the dead you will be saved. -rom 10 9sixteen i voted for bts_twt for the top social artist award at the bbmasrt aryabhatti may 1st is 100th birth anniversary of sri ramanujacharya propagated equality 100yrs before ngos amp centuries before rt bbmasvotes2017 the boy that are leading by a whopping 10m vote need your help to stay up. rt to vote for btsbbmas a top socia i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas fighting rt steennzz kchoateyy soo cute all your outfit this weekend were rt igiveagonski david gonski say tremendous example of how the money delivered so far ha made a real differencert summit1g sometimes a simple peanut butter and jelly sandwich is just so damn good.rt wittlowry i wonder if you wonder about me.rt real_pabo i voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award. okay i think my vote are enough for today time to use my rt sza protect the vision skinupgg i love you skinup.gg my king xd davidallengreen jackofkent thank you. i find may s incompetence staggering but i don t think it s because she s female.rt ukfathers government fails to deliver 4 billion saving after cutting disability benefit rt boity good morning rt jha_riana all arianator are voting for arianagrande at the top social artist of the 2017 bbmasrt jadajacobbs i m so happy to see lady are creating juicy content for their fan give the guy what they want sexy content you made the soup.rt alyciatyre overthinking overthinking overthinkingrt libdempress . timfarron theresa may chose a divisive hard brexit with labour s help and now ha no idea what to do next  adult nude as bikini milf sexdating amateur usafreeteensex rt bangtan_nt i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award i don t know if you ve changed or if i ve changedi wanna post ad on social medium now rt gnarcoticcaleb 2016 energy v 2017 energy. rt wadoggies come one come all - we must support dannymcginlay - the banner man tickets through this link rt bankingonkismet if there s 1 good thing that came out of dtby it s that they ve grown much closer over the past few months. jeff rt yeubtsforever this vote is for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award of the year army vnam always support bts btsbbmasrt commonwokegirl double standard can suck it rt envious my mom told me make sure u marry someone who make u laugh when ur mad and that s some of the best advice i ve heardrt jocelynw_13 reasons for taking ap exams aptests appsych apchem ape rt kimjonginpics_ never change my past check is like the louis you just gotrt feimm why is nicki out there posing randomly with everyone metgala rt jtimberlake hey guys.. it s may.rt iaurafit i had no confidence and i wa unhappy then i discovered this amp my entire life changed.. the link is in my bio i vote for bts_twt in bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas the rise of bangtanrt iaurafit i had no confidence and i wa unhappy then i discovered this amp my entire life changed.. the link is in my bio rt iaurafit i had no confidence and i wa unhappy then i discovered this amp my entire life changed.. the link is in my bio rt manstagram_ when that beat drop in the club rt ngoc3196 i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt iaurafit i had no confidence and i wa unhappy then i discovered this amp my entire life changed.. the link is in my bio rt iaurafit i had no confidence and i wa unhappy then i discovered this amp my entire life changed.. the link is in my bio rt biggabossben don t like my tweet unless you want me in ya gutrt jinjjarevil i literally thought the mv for blood sweat and tear japanese version would be the same it a whole new concept. bighit p rt isachandra if you re soo concerned about climate change why in the world aren t you vegan  its_rayh hmm.. try to see itthis initiative is truly wonderful. hope you guy have checked all the update 100icicidigitalvillages 100icici digital villages icicibankback back to the basic microphone check i am voting for bts for top social artist at the btsbbmas.rt yosek_1 say what you want say what you want nine i vote for bts_twt in bbmas for top social artist award btsbbamsrt thatgirlhas you re unhappy because you re not in alignment with who you are. not because of what anyone else is doing.the next step bang amp olufsen s button-free beoplay p2 speaker bo speaker techrt iceseason101 happy 18th anniversary spongebob. the first episode help wanted aired on this day in 199. comment via philhayyep five key issue now facing leeds co-owner andrea radrizzani anything else rt pnmarydale soon po. for our very first charity event. mayward growinginlove rt imbossingvic pain is the little voice in your head that try to hold you back.. aldubxdtbylettinggo dtbyakoyan rt bbmasvotes2017 the boy that are leading by a whopping 10m vote need your help to stay up. rt to vote for btsbbmas a top socia rt sexpains i just want someone that is all about me obsessed with me and just love me is that too much too ask for  chandakochhar of icici bank made 100 digital town to help advanced biological system in town digitalindia 100icicidigitalvillagesbeauty in the world winwin  btsbbmas top social artist. rt anshrnalimbo five i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas lets do thisrt piaojinchao i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awards.rt 69gooner69 far left extremist set fire to a police officer in paris utter scum good people know the right thing to say but evil people only tell lies. - proverbs 10 32rt johncusack you were a gent discover or get discovered listen watch or follow great musician rt tarsemchanana gurmeetramrahim day2dssfoundationday yes papa it s great time rt bfraser747 don t let the mainstreammedia fool you the truth about illegalimmigrants amp crime liz_wheeler rt tarsemchanana gurmeetramrahim thnks lord for lovely tweet day2dssfoundationdayrt pinoy_quotes don t shine so others can see you. shine so that through you others can see him. rt billgates . paulgallen ha made a huge impact through his work and philanthropy. what an amazing way to build on that legacy rt alexaiono just sang my heart out in a new song rt nohoesgeorge everyday we stray farther from god s light. rt bestdailyharry sweetcreature is the second single of harry s album and it s going to be released tomorrow at 9am pdt 5pm uk time rt lemaluthor this is so funny fjdfndn rt jallbate my boyfriend and his sister icloud s merged together and she saw my as pics.. rt trav02011 when the rangers and astros get together it s must see tv.  alturkiparole let him go to his statebeing a stem major 101 no matter how hard you try study you ll never fully understand what the hell you re doing. feefxbeef pod thursday lottapotatta armyselcaday__ thanks mumcan someone hit me up with the list of brian fansites i need it for scientific purpose check ball rt zwanheda imagine thinking that this wasn t the most intense clexa scene my baby. rt atashamakintab i m voting for bts_twt for the bbmas btsbbmas sweg i vote bts for btsbbmas a top social artist van gogh s bedroomrt hoaiphuc1201 topsocialartist bts_twt you guy are all crazy and i love it vote for bts_twt for top social artist award bbmas bts rt oshexohunhan i will always protect you exo sehun luhan hunhan selu hunhancouple hunhanisreal grindcomfy bed there s literally no point in playing destiny 1 rn. just give me destiny 2also rt bbmasvotes2017 the boy that are leading by a whopping 10m vote need your help to stay up. rt to vote for btsbbmas a top socia rt sosadtoday i wish i wa more not mert 6go6dess when they said i cant beat my high score  toodopejohn out shmobbinrt thehill trump considering breaking up big wall street bank  kyoukajlrou ah yes my favourite member from bts pull the trigger jungkook. bts_twt done - army everytime bighit doe their thing i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award. btsbbmasgarlic is an amazing natural remedy that will purge parasites from your body rt skintrade fast giveaway - winner picked in 48hr rt follow to enter add to your bookmark amp reply rt jk_rowling i woke up today in the belief that there s no form of otter i can t love. then twitter introduced me to the snot rt theharrysource beats1 brand new harry_styles hear sweetcreature first on beats1 applemusic with zanelowe tuesday at 9am la rt sandsofjupiter i m stunned. i imagine this is one representation of mother earth. rt ellabandzz 10 year of bad luck if u don t retweet and say amen lesbian femdom foot worshipping rt v_min_kook8181 i am voting for bts bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas.hope our boy having a great time now at philippines rt rhobielywss 13.i am voting bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas info if army s can get 41m btsbbmas in the next 12hours bts will break record for most tweet within 24h. ready armybrigade13rt sincerelylew i hate all of you who voted for him. hate you all. rt fillwerrell worlds best save the old skimpp is really back.rt tweetsemuaa ego destroys friendship and relationship .rt mutludc black flag down the strategic city of tabqa is almost liberated next step raqqa noflyzone4rojava arimuradnew rt tariqnasheed several witness have come forward and said the sandiegoshooting wa racial because the killer kept letting othe  rock me amadeus blaring in the background my jam alturkiparole free alturkirt nerdyasians look at these reinterpretation of disney princess a lesbian by lucielovejk to raise acceptance of lgbt couple  mrbrexit last week i interviewed some remoaners who actively support the notion of shaming uk soldier for serving  myxphilippines marydaleentrat5 do u have link sa online where we can watch rt bakhtawarbz amp what ha nawaz done to it pmlnantilabour antifarmers antiwomen propanama promediabuying andshowbazzing  ashikajaniya29 sairajabeen25 anita22046anita mubeenazakir desaihiteshvi stefansubotic91 ksrilakshmi4 to be honest i m just setting beside those pregnant lady while i m listening to music amp reading my book rt duynarmy i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award forever love bangtanrt jkeens9 when the pledge are working the door converse high i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. btsbbmas rt breaking911 current scene in portland oregon. rioters destroying everything in their path. rt cockyboys that smile. there is nothing sexier. keep smiling calvinbanksxx apollo wednesdays royal peacock 2017 hot 107.9 fm heakseekersinternational i posted a new photo to facebook going to have to make thursday the last night out for a while best go bigrt jeonggukupdates please note that you can vote for bts here using your facebook account rt 404meh404 i know them feel cambodian actress denny kwan receives 12-month movie ban because she s too sexy reports i vote bts_twt for bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas i need more eat jin plsrt jasmoneyrecords i think a larger issue is that men arrive at college still needing to be educated about consent. rt spiderman_am_i same rt alizaevargas yeah my dad the best hype man you d be lying if you said i ain t the one all that tattoo in my skin they turn you onhow to pronounce mike hughes rt rt paynchom no joy baahubali is the south s answer to the jihadi propaganda of brothelwood. we ll continue to make singhams on she deserves the world and all the love in it.yak up rook pijp mouth bxputa gettin long stroke out da frame rt ingriguz i m voting for bts_twt for the bbmas award for the top social artist of the year btsbbmas for all the beautiful lyric th  janieloverload isabella the world it s better a place because i young girl like you take the time to care amp ask rt jvowens philippine central bank bangkosentral adopts multi-pronged approach for new financial technology - jennifer lopez and alex rodriguez make red carpet debut a couple at met celebrity security vote biggest source of waste obi very good day  jerk mum ryder cammodel toss webcamwithgirls concord class what lies beneath trump s fixation with strongmen like duterte from erdogan to putin to even .. do you know nae pittam nunmul jin this is my vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award 2017 btsbbmasrt wneverwalone cypher 4 at newark 1st day even the venue staff wa jamming i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas.  mattoverton_ls going to miss you so much you re amazing on amp off the field. will always be a fan no matter where you go good luck matt i m looking for someone who s willing to hook it up with a little tat rt eamondolan 86 year ago today this ludicrous beauty officially started scraping the sky. hbd esb nyc empirestatebuilding rt rihannadaily rihanna talk about her metgala 2017 outfit. now it s hard to even see each other s face -spring day army vote for bts_twt btsbbmas19 i voting for justinbieber a top male artist at the bbmas justinbbmasrt animaiposts fresh out of the shower rt loccdawgg i feel personally attacked rt 6go6dess when you keep losing ur high score rt 6go6dess when you keep losing ur high score rt 6go6dess when you keep losing ur high score mt jstines3 we are one nation under god let s start acting like it renewus pjnetrt 6go6dess when you keep losing ur high score rt 6go6dess when you keep losing ur high score rt shazam just announced camila_cabello drake nickiminaj amp more will be hitting the bbmas stage live may 21st on abc rt prisonplanet body shaming and racism. the left dispenses with it own politically correct rule on a whim. theaffinitymag rt jophie30 . 34thkingsniper love know no distance aldubxdtbylettinggo rt redhourben any parent or person will understand this. respect nonpartisan rt tybrokesign me critiquing the metgala fashion even though my wardrobe look a mess rt robschneider where is cnn ornew york times or any other so called real news why aren t they reporting on dncfraudlawsuit rt papasuqa goal for the next 12 hrs let s get fourty-onem vote we are already at twenty-onem i vote bts_twt for the top social bts i m at wilnis rt annecurtissmith soo kyot i love this rt jasmoneyrecords i think a larger issue is that men arrive at college still needing to be educated about consent. rt rwjf quality childcare give baby enriching learning experience and help with brain development. thinkbabies rt dancohenwrex the man make the most of his minute - fredvanvleet played 3 17 in game 1 and went 3-3 from the field for 6 point for i say to life rt first4lcfc absolute scene a it wa made official this time last year lcfc rt justinbiebermwr i m voting for justinbieber a top radio song artist at the bbmas justinbbmasyonderboi - 07 - people always talk about the weather - splendid isolation nowplayingrt saltymyg why r some fandom so petty lmao it not our fault ur favs didnt get nominated now sit down and i vote for bts_twt for bt rt manutd have a good one becks rt kconusa daehyun is so cute dancing to cheerup yongguk is so eager to guess amp himchan s laugh make u smile all in  spacekatgal one of them get torched in the 5th season of mafiosa and it set off a bloody chain reaction..does your website make your daily sales is it working for you i love it  hunterplake suggestion one three dog night do a heartfelt version w keyboard acoustic guitar amp cello. song is perfect for your voice.rt queen_t_bee come fly with me rockstargames carcercityjokers ccjmc haha snapmatic gtaonline waveformgaming tmgt rt waitey big reveal in about 90mins.. rt secutebeliebs retweet in 10 second and you ll meet justin this year. justinbbmas rt rpfortunecookie _chiefhirai a golden egg of opportunity fall into your lap this month.for the btsbbmas top social artist award 2017 i vote for bts_twtrt btsbbmas challenge this tweet reach seven thousand retweets vote i vote for bts_twt in bbmas for top social artist award. btsb rt bbmasvotes2017 bts ha hit a milestone of 15m vote at the 2017 btsbbmasrt bieberisyud never let you go i am voting for justin bieber for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote justinbbmasrt mariafowler so cheryl and liam have named their son bear payne . reminds me of chavs saying ah bruv i m in bare pain rt sirjadeja breaking bcci hires priyanka chopra to provide cover protection to stadiums during rains. priyankachopra ipl rt dabzfunctiions haven t been getting a lot of sponsor lately the odds of this.. code word lt gt rt animalsoniy just found my new favorite video  gaylilcosplayer cameron sighed and nodded. i really do. he s the first one not to hurt me or use me rt suga_attack0309 i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award love yourt antmwah mtr. inverse h amp s completed then 50 pull-back set up the equal move upward towards the 161 extension area 4.3p rt _meellyy wow im sad u guy r so cute bro im gonna b forever alone bye rt billboard nicki is back with some more new new billboardnews labor are going to do a can i borrow your homework sure just change it up meme about gonski v gonski 2.0 i can just feel itrt cbwps1 cbwps pic of the week little tern marazion beach on 30th april by mark halliday picoftheweek rt aslavitt you take care of her. let the rest of u have your backs. rt ruby24_ruby energy .. energy pa more mainedcm maidengraffix aldubnation aldubbiggirlz aldubbigboyz senyoratidora_  garysrealm2 just report them for hate speech and move on they re not worth your time. not one second of it.yummyy rt dariatbh my mom why haven t u hung out w and this summer me i m so hungryrt parkjiminslips bbmas bts_twt i m sorry biebs but we re about to break your streak of winning this award i vote for bts_twt for rt wale one time for my guy btsbbmas. let my boy shine handrea98 no no no thank you for blessing my soul ugh you are so sweet  dudeunderscore the fangirls love himrt boriamajumdar what a win for the rpsupergiants well played. benstokes38 3 man of the match award in 6 win this should pave way fo rt im2goodforyou15 it s may 1st ..i pray this month is filled with nothing but blessings rt gerhardjjoubert flying the flag at the v amp a waterfront dock road entrance. ey_dockroad ey_africa. 5 day to go.. rt stephenoflyf michael jackson appreciation tweet. greatestofalltime rt rangersfc 7 goal. scott sinclair sends foderingham the wrong way from the penalty spot. 0-1.rt brvun me after everything i do  anaglogsdaughtr typsetting done by hand letter by letter and backwards and nary an error. probably working fro rt nieuwemarlean good day evening everyone rt red__mos guys. guys. are we seeing ruth negga in valentino i absolutely love it. i love her. metgala rt storiesofpeopie hawaiian surfer ha a keaulana run across the ocean floor with a 50 pound boulder a training to survive the massi rt beautybybetty can you do 15 i wonder would she go through hell and back for me like i would for her mynameslunchbox just say yeah well i m cuter than all of you smh then you re a part of itrt jwayneaf nothing beat earning my degree with my queen.  indiatoday justice karnal is right in his stand to fight against corruption in judiciary.rt mindsconsole there s a difference between somebody who want you and somebody who would do anything to keep you. remember that23 excellent dig and 11 excellent reception for idoolsumaang goldandgloryateneort muhraea being hurt suck being a second priority is worse but what hurt most is when the only thing you can say is it s okay im u rt destroyingclip a uk company is creating edible water blob that it hope will eradicate the world of plastic waste. rt dopedaegu i vote bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas namjoon the type of guy to go to museum and kakao friend store to b rt sexuallposts current mood i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas - i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist 2017 btsbbmas intro boys meet evil rt taehyungpiics i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas taehyung s nailrt marjinglez i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas okay im gonna stream now i ll be back later. keep rt iheartradio good luck to our friend bts_twt bts_bighit at the bbmas see you guy again soon btsbbmas seriously tho if we havent spoken via call text in 2 week delete my number. yours isnt saved. im not carrying any dead weightrt rm020316 let s redeem this show shall we sinjieredeemdtby ang official ht ng teamsinjie for today kept it dtby related rt jeonghan_trash u know who rt oniyfeargod never lose faith. god love you too much to let you down.rt namjoonftafi check your hashtag there s a hashtag to mess you up like btsbbams i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social arti rt innocentfrog88 occdissent harrison brown hbrown236_ wa killed today by racially motivated hatred of white male at ut austin rt storiesofpeopie a ukrainian woman wearing a traditional bridal crown scary cult  shinobi602 scoop shinobi. any new info about death stranding you d be willing to leak pretty please _ early 1800s men s fashions by suzi love - baskets basket everywhere. new basket just in storage home basket countryliving shoplocal chilterns rt bloodyymary_ other girl v me is cringe af stop itrt nbharuka childhood is the most beautiful of all life s seasons i wish i was a child again rt igorvolsky congress ha allocated 120 00 00 in extra to cover expense like trump s adult son to ski weekend in aspen rt dylan_bostic i vote justinbieber for top social artist at the bbmas justinbbmasrt cnnbrk police in texas say they initially gave incorrect information about fatal shooting of a teen by an officer.  earthsangels11 gasp i ve been doxxed what is the met gala and why wasn t i invited  streamerhousejc amberhartlin charionnatv seeing twitch a a job after watching a video of people getting 10k bit rt instantturnon i turned out liking you a lot more than i originally planned.rt luke5sos my friend brother and doppleganger started a new project and just released this i dig it you might too rt theieansquad t-pain without autotune is still crazy for the bbmas top social artist award of the year army vnam always support bts i vote for bts_twt btsbbmasrt peinzy19 btsbbmas globalbts i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas askmenfess kidsrt smallzy waking up to new niallofficial. good times.so many thing i wish i can tell yourt patricksizane sydmolife shoeshoe9303 makes sense rt fergeepoh i could fall asleep to this 2 year ago and i can fall asleep to it now. loml since i wa 10 rt chessa22k we re in for a wild ride on prisonbreak dominion mastermind amp dancer on the last thread of our emotion rt wsuasa uefa women s u-17 championship finals start today good luck to all teams womensfootball wu17euro coygig bomb a fuck rt btsinfiresmann let s vote bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas hwaitingrt taehyungpiics i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award. i m so proud seeing my co-armys voting when in fact it alr i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award 18 williamlegate i m starting to really believe that you re the biggest loser alive today.rt edsheeran puddingrt ricsl1600 there is no such thing a pure pleasure some anxiety always go with it. ovid aldubxdtbylettinggort billratchet thank u for saving the rap game lil pump - jesus christrt thegladstork i bet all the people who wrote never change in donald trump s middle school yearbook are really kicking themselves now.rt neuromeanchick not over this natural beauty theamybrenneman and caterinatweets rt taeforguk power of army lmao rt rizkiayubie rahmatirach alfiadrewbie justinbieber hmm krik i m voting for justinbieber a top social artist at the bbmas justi nah. i m not getting my girl locked tf how do you effectively compete in an industry that you re not willing to study - estherarmah morningstarri voted bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artists award im loving them even more therealligan cpjackalrock take your timert b2pmgg_ q. what doe you room look like bomi mine is black amp white.. etc but i m scared of sleeping alone so i sleep with chorong rt cloudythoughtz sleepy eye wide awake mindmy bed right now rt sammievldzz you get what you givei vote for bts_twt for top social artist bbmas  falloutboy aussttrraalliiaa rt sniperjimin i m voting bts_twt for the top social artist awards btsbbmasrt patriksandberg here s footage of my arrival at the metgala. i m wearing a man.  reaidonaldtrunp very nice rt andrewleevaldez i luv meloved rt aanngeelicaa maybe were better off this way rt shreeha12 ragarwal as per saying go every nation ha an army only army that ha a nation is pakistan army.rt taehyungpiics i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas taehyung s nailrt tweet_jukebox success is one thing you can t pay for. you buy it on the installment plan and make payment every day. - zig ziglar qu zsun uploaded a practice version of rumor kisses 4 dobby april amp giraffes rt btsbbmas vote once in the comment and retweet in all who voted i vote bts_twt for bbmas top social artist btsbbmas.i really do rt daiiythrowbacks 2012 trinidad james - all gold everything  welcome please rt unesco joining force with cartooningpeace to promote pressfreedom amp freedomofexpression  harrisjofficial may allah give u a long and happy joyful life ily soo much happy bday b a chemtrailed sky this morning over the city. it s been a while since i ve seen sky like these. 4-28-2017 rt armynation_tm i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist first kiss in our own space i want everything to be a first with yo rt btsdailypolls would you rather rt wale one time for my guy btsbbmas. let my boy shinert carlyhenderson_ you know i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas had so much fun interviewing them htt rt modernfamiiyy super sad rt colourme_pinkk wide awoke rt maiahocando i wa eating pizza when the earthquake happened. i thought it wa just excitement. lagood morning.. start it with energy  adamparkhomenko atty_taboada alyssa_milano obozo the cunt . lol rt army_league i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas teamwork will always make the dream workrt killars_0 05 mind-blowing photos that show just how filthy rich donald trump is gt gt gt rt amayakatedesign check out ralph lauren black label womens wool blue pinstripe blazer jacket size 10 ebayrt kimdvniels rih pulling up to the metgala after party rt fforfresh i c o n i c metgala2017 metgala rt anmol_77 rcb now means r runout c catch b bowled rpsvrcb live commentarysightly iolite 925 sterling silver blue ring handcrafted l-1in us 5 6 7 8 rt thegorgeousgoon titties ain t better than as simply because a girl with big titty amp no as look pathetic but a girl with lil titti rt jiminienochu i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award i love hoseok smrt x_taylorjay ion wanna do college no morewhy doe the snapchat dog face make everyone look better what is the sciencert makeinindia the number are in 4 of 5 phone shipped in q1 were made-in-india find counterpoint research. makeinindia death you are my bitch lover oscarmayer merced calif please. fortheloveofhotdogsrt paulchuckle2 no i wa out with his mrs my blog the new world. sjw s using the free market  chrisbrown this right here is ma fav part in the video i ve lost count of hw many time this song h played n i a rt sickofwolves we need to improve working conditions and pay people a fair living wage and stop asking me to put away my trash bag of ha monie i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awards. n.o.v.a legacy goes to the stars rt martinmartinllp bravo to our partner arevamartin on your cover autismparentmag and thank you for your advocacy for kid and famil i ve completed the daily quest in paradise island 2 gameinsight paradiseisland2 rt sergey_silkin tom clough. a cottage garden. rt hiphopearly hol up hol up rt sanlovegd i love andrew gregson omgg rt newslineweather another pretty splendid day coming up how long will it last angie_weather ha the forecast on bbcgmu  awryaditi step on it..rt atvpakistan hiker lost in nepal for 47 day return to taiwan rt ieshaingrid 7 ways to make your man sexually addicted to you rt ieshaingrid 7 ways to make your man sexually addicted to you rt atvpakistan hiker lost in nepal for 47 day return to taiwan rt ieshaingrid 7 ways to make your man sexually addicted to you rt ieshaingrid 7 ways to make your man sexually addicted to you rt stanleyymadison watching people drop off the class google doc like rt ieshaingrid 7 ways to make your man sexually addicted to you  bannatyne duncanbannatyne who designed the gym app having to constantly sign in is very frustrating needs an update callpocketapp rt ieshaingrid 7 ways to make your man sexually addicted to you rt attackwrestling just three tickets left for our bristol return on may 20th don t miss out rt ieshaingrid 7 ways to make your man sexually addicted to you folger law firm rt sohyunpics princess rt _mazulu i love your honesty. kim s look wa so tired like this her usually run for the day. kylie is getting repetitive. ke rt annadrizzyy that face when you pas the slow mf that wa in front of you rt arianne_april face mask n poetryrt soukor the most important silhouette i vote for bts for top social artist at btsbbmas you dont know how much i love btsanyone have dat video of byun walking obnoxiously loud at the airportwhen it come to music i m so old school.rt gabehernandezz_ if she s wid it i m wid itsorry justinbbmaswatching the invitation. not having fun.rt niggacommentary retweet in 10 second and you ll get best news ever rt europiannchick i respect a man who is vocal. tell me why you re into me. tell me why i pissed you off amp tell me how i can fix it. tell the guy in the string vest taught me everything i know cryptic stare at the sunthis web design course will teach you html html 5 and cascading stylesheets css . call 971 2 6724334 971 rt malikai justinbieber i love the love i get from beliebers so much rebelz justinbbmas bieberbbmasrt rirozablon fombuya wawymillie1 milele_fm gkwatemba mc_jakakamega annitahraey babiealinda divinahnyaboqe how to compare the mapi property difference between outlook email via camerondwyerrt auto_porn retweet if you d whip this bugatti rt srdtv man this had me shook give but don t allow yourself to be used love but don t allow yourself to be abused trust butdon t be naive listenb rt btsbbmas i vote for bts_twt in bbmas for top social artist award btsbbmas camillagluh how did this happen i am so confusedrt bangtaened i vote bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award spread spread spread my wingrt musicchoice voting btsbbmas go behindthelines of the not today video with bts_twt exclusively on our app my neighbor always know when i m home due to her window shakin.. fuck her disruptionrt arynewsofficial cross border attack on security post repulsed three attacker killed read more bts becomes first k-pop group to receive bbmas nomination qua bbmasrt horizon_9597 170429 the wings tour in jakarta v bts_twt  closeup pussy licking jeanette biedermann naked pussy  dianeleigh007 i just wish they could let nicole and brady be together and chad and abby be together. maybe jj and new hair color tho rt sarah_jennie28 musicchoice bts_twt i vote for bts_twt at bbmas top social artist btsbbmas yeah we know we were crazy about them you wa gone hurt me if i wa talking to someone else for real rt carinhaalma voting for jimin s jam btsbbmasso today i got my 800 phone taken by a kid on the bus and 2 friend and i went door to door to find his housert vikiaina8 i vote for bts_twt for this year btsbbmas top social artist awardrt basedmonitored meet harrison brown. he wa slain on the campus of the university of texas. let s put a face voice to the name. rip htt  strawberryv95 my chance of winning would be 0.01 but a girl can dream rt ama_vickie before you raise your hand to the heaven and ask for what you don t have put your forehead to the ground amp be grateful fo  bbmas i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbams lalakhadi khadi rosemary lavender soap 3 gm pack of 3 a a seller on snapdeal. visit snapdeal to buy this product rt pepe__cas orion i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas i need you girl .. army 5tingi don t know colin kaepernick for his football career i know him for his act of kindness and for standing up for what he belief in.. caterhamcr3 elizabe04051041 chooselovetoday debraowens57 thirtythreegee bullies amp tyrant always need a target rt ardhendu9831 practice make man perfect.. sweet revenge zcoderesrt musicchoice voting btsbbmas go behindthelines of the not today video with bts_twt exclusively on our app rt thatssarcasm i m a lazy as texter unless you re my best friend cute or i like you.rt newlymai ritz_ts6 subsin_billion behind-the-scene shooting ritz_rueangritz photos man allegedly brutalized by soldier on his way from enugu state rt hoseokmyking pastelkooks bbmasvotes2017 bts_twt i m voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardsomg bigbang ha a new song on spotify called fantastic boy good job spotify dafbama2017 i voting bts_twt for top social artist award bbmas jhope is king of dancert denisedenise__ morning guy enjoy your day and dont forget .. always smile and be happy hug and kiss den  eiitevevo it d color nude duh with list ultraconcept amymek evilpa christianity rt stevestfler meal with parent v meal alone keep it 1ki posted a new video to facebook rt thealicelittle who out there is kinky too if you re not that s fine too lt 3 vegaschicas renoescort kindbutkinky rt springersaint come on folk this old lad need a comfy sofa for his retirement so pls help him to find it with a rt rescue will rt dwnews they are not scared of the police a much a they are scared of the neighbors.. moscow graffiti rt beastialitae every rt count a a vote i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardpetroleum development oman pdo is employing an award-winning concept to achieve the early monetisation this army is voting for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas nyarticuno explanation of pupil shape difference safarilivert allkpop shinee wrap up their 5th japan tour with 250 00 fan rt sassimoose gaybabes yeah not sure bout the second part but gay o h y e s bro i m so shady and i hate myself. imma deal with it tomorrow tho rt humor_daiiy you can handstand.. but what about this rt loyalvmin rt if you love jin i vote bts_twt for bbmas top social artist btsbbmasrt xneveroutloudx go mendesarmy shawnbbmas this is what it takesrt broluah skrg ni bulan apa may so may i have you for the rest of my life no you may die. my only talent is not being in a relationshiprt tribeca people would say how do you hold the note so long and i said because i want to. we re still in awe of bar rt _mochiminochu_ i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas btsbbmas top social artist award i think im donert storing im kinda happy but i also really wanna get hit by a car at the same time nerisanda oceanic server i presume start counting timezones rt roro1403army topsocialartist bts_twt wahh i am voting for bts for top social artist award at the bbmas btsbbmasrt rapohoiics famous dex singing what y all think rt iamdkt12 disha0143 bhardwaj_nyra madhuritiwari12 kritika065 sallu_suraj ram ram sabhi ko..vry good morning supposedly you cannot snore and dream at the same time.. voting btsbbmas top social artist awardrt seogutae btsbbmas 2o m seriously guy army slay i vote for bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmasrt alexperrienews ig perrie on her instagram story from ed sheeran s concert you can see alex and matt on the right 1st may 2 . patterdalemrt say it s remarkable a man who fell 300 foot while walking at st sunday crag on saturday is expected to make a full recoverybermuda blue gold orchid swarovski earring multicolor drop crystal with gold.. rt hyped_resonance pulp fiction too violent 0 chipmunk no fun alvin amp the chipmunk intricate plot captivating character this tranny is together with a gay guy and they perform both a quite open show. shemale rt carlyhenderson_ you know i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas had so much fun interviewing them htt rt sexualgifs_ when u got a smart as mouth but u hella sensitive rt killars_0 thumb war kissing prank turns into a blowjob gt gt gt rt jhjh_lena inspiration never the less story op.1.2 i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas 45rt rinakookie i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas in line at the bank and still voting rt killars_0 thumb war kissing prank turns into a blowjob gt gt gt corgis rule a dog lover s colouringbook by susan alison adultcoloring dogcoloringbook dog book via amazonrt fatoch4 tracer chen kh kmgmai pixiv -- share via artstation android a  ethereum fell though not quite a expected techrt shaymitch so much fun rt killars_0 thumb war kissing prank turns into a blowjob gt gt gt rt danwrexham they ve named him what you feel when you stub your toe love poetry enter the annual acu prize for poetry winner receives 10 00 prize. entries now open expert tip on how to eat your way around the world afarmedia travel rt lngngrpnglnn justinbbmas we can do it rt btsbbmas last update today btsbbmas 17 931 500 tweet 10 805 500 retweets 60 204 400 reply 1 88 200 tpm max 86 female 14 rt dinahjane97 it s an honor to watch you dance she said. normanikordei you came to win amp that 10 10 10 10 tonight say it all too d i ve collected 1 020 gold coin android androidgames gameinsightrt sugaarrbaby i want to make enough money so i can be sending plenty to my mother god pleasert 5hbrasilvotes regras para votar no bbmas rules to vote on bbmas i vote for arianagrande for top social artist at the bbmas  kensington venusaur f until 05 39 10pm at 59 elizabeth st rt sexualgifs_ s o to the boyfriend who love their girlfriend unconditionally while she s still learning to love herself. y all are app how are you so loud and unorganised to be zipping to the kitchen back and forth with stop to the bathroom and your bedroom in betweenthe era of the millennial how 80 and 90 kid are redefining business today this is the best thing i ve evrr seen omg rt theylovestorm_ my boyfriend should be my bestfriend a well .rt bbmas rt to vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas inefficiency incompetent team p amp the famous come back tomorrow is there. they guy even switched the phone ringer 2017-05-02 08 40 03.534613 -- latest data from 2017-05-01 21 21 48 - temperature 9.0 c - humidity 80 - wind 0.0 km h --. patterdalemrt say it s remarkable a man who fell 300 foot while walking at st sunday crag on saturday is expected to make a full recoveryrt capndesdes just made the catchiest song ever and it won t stop repeating in my head. on to something ithinksoi am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas it s like a broken piece of glass that can t be turned backjust trying to fucki want some head  rani_sandhaya sweet thought rt wshhfans mood for the summer oh i need to check this out emirates reopens lounge at changiairport singapore avgeek rt theeintro won t ever understand how these bitch getting mad over the gender of their child when they re blessed enough to e rt sueanna003 happy to be here sueramirezasmaxpeini wa fr trynna talk to her all nightrussians flock to china for herbal therapy eye on chinese media bloomberg rt wangsarchive he s so flawless rt camerasd canon eos 5d mark ii 22.3 mp full frame cmos with 1080p full-hd video mode digital slr.. rt trump2016fan gop bill allows 4more than 70 00 additional h-2b visa in fy17 to replace american worker with foreigners rt devils_latest ibrahimovic ha undergone successful knee surgery. he s not suffered a career ending injury and ha started rehabilitati rt commonwhitegiri me trying to cram a whole semester of material into 20 minute of studying  badgyalkc call me bbnew deal found q connect noticebrd 1200x900mm alum blu only 32.49 saving deals2017-05-02 08 40 03.534613 -- latest data from 2017-05-01 21 21 48 - temperature 9.0 c - humidity 80 - wind 0.0 km h --xbox 360 s modded -kinect 4gb console w 160gb bkup drive extra accessorie the gag is that barely anyone celebrates cinco de mayo in mexico. how bout y all celebrate our business and people instead.when tuesday is the new monday 4dayweek rt tumblrsfunnies how to flirt  iamatheistgirl skywalker_001 why are you so bothered by me believing in god my son said..brigham young is a racist and a liar from time to time i add a comment on why we are so clever at being stupid here is another one why do we.. rt nytimes while pushing for a vote on a revised health care bill president trump seemed unclear on it detail stop celebrating.. just hv a look at taran taaran where body of martyr paramjit singh ha arrived feel the pain  lancebass youtube love it rt missmollymoore i miss tour so muchattacked rhino orphanage takes heartbreaking decision to close..  _staacks you must not be from la rt mavixsunday if you allow worry in it push out don t have room for both.happy birthday adabraskinny love u i m like a big freak i m earning mplusrewards in blockrow classic. have you checked out our awesome new range of merchandise mystics nation our new tee and sweatshirt are.. to live without killing is a thought which could electrify the world if men were only capable of staying awake.. my diamond rt namjoonftafi don t wanna be fool wanna be cool wanna be loved i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt viewsbusan jtaewhyung updatevotes bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmasrt brndnwprsn sign from pettiest to least petty aquarius capricorn pisces gemini scorpio leo aries libra virgo cancer taurus rt d_alex2002 let s keep voting no matter if we re far away from others we ve to keep voting i vote for bts_twt for top social artis i am casting my vote for bts_twt for the top social artist award of the year army vnam always support bts btsbbmas battlefield lt a href target _top gt click here lt a gt rt futureotforce morning read delve into the philosophy of the force within the starwars universe with popvoxculture 2 tweeps followed thank you and nobody unfollowed me in the past day. thank you rt carterjwm help me please. a man needs his nuggs rt theeintro won t ever understand how these bitch getting mad over the gender of their child when they re blessed enough to e  newday chriscuomo you consistently peddle bs about trump then whine when he call you out. face it chris you re this is my vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award of the year btsbbmasrt aawarabhawara payalsoni95 when you are tired and just want a glass of wine and your man to go down on you.. rt gidi_traffic don t let the hustle get to you. play anywhere anytime and on the go click for more inf rt sydcavanaugh take what you need and pas it onrt soulessvibez if you text back fast hit me upa ufo landed in new york city and tried to eat the brain of a group of schoolkidscarly_newman_o premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagai vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award save me is their best song comic my cartoon tragic backstory rt ohmayward kaso di kasi nag-meet ang statement and that made it intriguing. not only for u but for the guy s fans. so ngets maywar rt manishchandsurg innovative percutaneous instrument for complex lap colorectalsurgery amp endometriosis surgery-impressive acutner rt bbmas rt to vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas rt chincha33 not to brag but my google search history is nsa worthy.can t pay for cab hair clothes even condom sef. food nko nothing nothingreplacement charcoal water filters -removes chlorine odor and others impurity from water-for.. accurate .  chelseaclinton assume you did google info or gasp looked in a book.. what s wrong with that i guess looking up i deadass remember watching this why his car unlocked like that in the middle of the night rt noheartfound advice to men never take how much she care for you for granted amp always take her feeling into consideration no matter 72 for the 2017 btsbbmas top social artist award my vote go to bts_twtrt rippedjimin but anyways ph army are so lucky bts are staying there for a week yall they seriously love yourt sparkicejill lonely whale voting for bts_twt like this try calling once again until this song that doesn t have a response reaches t rt broluah skrg ni bulan apa may so may i have you for the rest of my life no you may die. rt aaronmsanchez met gala 2017 check out the red carpet fashion - this year s event honor designer rei kawakubo and label comm.. rt stevestfler having a sibling is either we ride together we die together or no officer ive never seen that person b4 in my life the get 5 pound of gummy sharks for 13.69 rt textsbook i m lucky to have you in my life.leslie wolfe s bestseller is on goodreads the ghost pattern g1 news rt socialmedia retweet kindle dcosmicsteeplef premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagajk not that bigrt badestoutfits taylor hill metgala icymi phonetap -- donald the kickboxer is ready to take on the bullies. i dnt feel good back killing mert standardnews first train from the uk to china completes 7 500-mile journey rt damnitskendrick start replacing people with good musicrt soompi psy to make variety show comeback with ask us anything rt humor_daiiy how doe he do this rt jamesrschultz monday rains 5 1 17 - day 2 336 via youtubert strangechildrgn dara wa teased that her man should have a big number of friend w his crew cough 82 i know we all have a rt freememeskids can t breath rt mitchellscomet killing is entertainment to them. explains their health care plan. district court patna results 2017 clerk written test results declared patna district court ha released written test result for the nhl edmonton oilers willing to deal ryan nugent-hopkins edmontonoilers edmontonoilersrt behankey_ mainland to mainland - 1k mainland to island - 2k south western state to south western state - max 5k cross country rt thisfoodtho oreo truffles rt ruthde revealed why 40 00 protestants fled ireland in four year  joshjepson new poster boiz. i vote for jungkook bts_twt for the bbmas . top social artist award btsbbamasrt shennafoxmusic wow mic drop moment parisdennard blast cnn amp media for being disrespectful to potus we owe this president rt beautypostss rt to win modern renaissance palette amp must be following me so i can dm winner  daniielamonter1 le re doy.rt northernlupine pintsize73 good morning have a wondeful day rt majutrindade and it s all because i dreamt of you and woke up alonert maje1217 wow i want some pizzart sanversislegend beautiful relationship  check it out great gig from here- gig servicert soompi happy birthday to got7 s bambam bambam1a happybambamday rt petioteric bugdata the landscape of big data infographic cloud iot ai ml data digital blockchain business how to pronounce coon bashing rt carly_newman_o premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagamiddlesbrough fc news and transfer rumour no bid for rhodes and where doe middlesbrough middlesbrough2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me automatically checked by headache-free hybridit implementation sound appealing usharesoft s jamesgweir show how to achieve exactly that  gvrv i wa completely oblivious to node being in there thanks manrt 92beagles exo rdium banner bc dream concert is just an extension of it stephen colbert goes one-on-one with trump via youtubert evateriong nunzl_ omg why am i just seeing this now thank you guy love yoou two so so much rt purplebiebsx kkfkfkckkskfov i am voting justinbieber a top social arist in bbmas bbmastopsocialartistawardruto is bzy talking about nasa fighting for power whereas during 2013 pple of kalenjin were being told tutashare serikali 50 50.. quote it s not gonna be easy. it s going to be really hard we re gonna have to work at this everyday but i want to do that because i wantrt madskak bpl hindus are nobody s child not even in hindu samrat narendramodi raj scholarship only for minorities everything is possible. the impossible just take longer.rt amy_siskind first he took down michelle s school lunch program now this. shm. trump is pure evil rt lizcampbell41 forscotlandsake ts_3502 we are heartbroken at the trail of destruction caused by this snp gov party throughout ou me all my mutuals born after 1998 rt gabrielmilland 10 print yes 20 goto 10 rt abortionrethink emma s story walking out of the clinic - you re just a different person. nswpol faruqibill mr__funnybone thank you  quote everything work out in the end. if it hasn t worked out yet then it s not the end.rt djwilliams__ take the damn picture marcus sexy gothic sex teen female bodybuilder naked yes please welcome to gaid2017 on climatechange amp foodsystems i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award. bbmasnierpe nrp 72hours with luhan rt bts_bbmas_vote this army is voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt tabooddhist violet monroe watch longingly while olive get it from behind. taboofetish when you ve discover better you will never go back to trash flyers manning eager to play mcdavid again connormcdavid connormcdavidrt niamongcopa i want to marry someone who can provide good gene for me. hahahhahahaha azzcart200 just break the skin then and then push it outcult of hockey oilers offered nugent-hopkins for seth jones spector report oilers edmontonoilers rt holylituation idk what i wa thinkin bout earlier lmao tv review lucifer series premiere lucifer lucifer trinetrauk meet shahrukh khan read this for mondaymotivation gt rt minsoojinah vote now for bts_twt top social artist award at the btsbbmas first lovert kristalynb24 new school dance same beautiful girl prom2k17 aboriginal fan traditional song for edmonton oilers go viral edmontonoilers oilers mcdavid edmontonoilers rt martinmchugh33 oh my gawd  poeticpastries wow.. and to think we are actually individuals.. in divisible yet invisible to many why because h rt larryinghappily confirmed today -1d guy like to drop bomb all on the same day -bear payne -stunts are just embarrassing now -louis rt jtimberlake hey guys.. it s may.rt teresareasor rt teresareasor a military marriage at it breaking point a seal who won t give up on love newrelease t4us asmsg rt doobioussources download doobious sources today rt commonwhitegrls the hardest decision ever rt raquel_savage interesting replies.. we are unable to see men doing good under the role of friend amp we feel he s owed for doin 5 thing hr need to consider before sacking the sick via hrgrapevine humanresource wide support contact in practice have connor mcdavid excited to end long absence oilers edmontonoilers rt armyvn_twt i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt suhanigold1 sexy camel toe images amp best camel toe pics. rt laogn might delete this later idk i just thought i looked cute this vote is for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist of the year.rt prisonbreak the journey isn t over yet make sure your dvr is set for a new prisonbreak tomorrow. 2 people followed me today tracked by rt josefhollywood . nick_clegg branding piersmorgan a an extraordinary man and getting into a huff ha made my morning. gmb susann  anacreon_club nostalgia play a role but it could be also for other reason than total devotion towards that aesthetic.rt wildmohn why is skam so popular rt imangelapowers before i make a move i have got to let it marinate.rt dafentcom south korea s girlsgeneration have been nominated for daf bama music awards 2017 for vote post rt ateneoagent whether she ll be setting digging or receiving count on her to keep it alive at all costs. ateneo s royal flash rt humor_daiiy you can handstand.. but what about this rt _makada_ msm outraged over trump saying civil war could have been avoided. they won t mention no other western country needed a war to rt flatiinebieber a concept rt halsey fistfight in a limousine rt iesirishstudies 2017 coffin lecture with prof. eavan boland shifting ground irish poetry in a time of change 28 june. register h  nigeria v iran - fifa beach soccer world cup 2017 via youtubethis vote casted is for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award i love vtrapped in my brainrt amandap12484977 dois i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt desdollas shit you might a well propose to the bitch.  porn pornstar bubble camgirl bikini bigass supergirl bachelor party nude rt grianmc my server grian_network went live yesterday very exciting thing went well and people enjoy the game mode more to cool ga rt michaeiwalker waiter enjoy your meal me you too me rt ukipnfkn how to vote tactically if you re a remainer any candidate against brexit ge2017 brexit rt sexualgifs_ am i the only one who think good morning and goodnight text can change ur mood amp actually make u feel important  imactuallywes wow i love you so muchrt smallzy waking up to new niallofficial. good times.15th monthsary love rt lord_vulkan101 i bet you won t retweet because you are scared of having the lord on your tl rt kookkik0908 i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas bts amp a.r.m.y update ronald j. kruszewski position chairman and chief exec. officer to chairmanrt babyanimalpics my spirit animal rt vivekagnihotri hindu mob i witnessed the genocide of 84 with wide lens mr. journalist n a far a i could see it wa carried ou rt ruthwignall plans for the next bank holiday weekend how about this xx rt jiminahh they look amazing.. metgala rt gretsfullido chit chat amp hug w pbb lucky season 7 winner maymay entrata catch the touching message she said 4 kissesdelavin rt jb_sm_91 i vote justin bieber a top social artist for bbmas bieberbbmas rt to votert myduyen_bts armys always vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas in top social artist award fightingvote bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt if you re extra ordinary btsbbmasrt xim_g_w_vix mgwv retweet followtrick teamfollowback anotherfollowtrain rt shaunking to the brave student who staged a sit-in at ballard high school in louisville over not being allowed to grieve i love this quote rt if you do too confidence love selfworth  goddessalexrose today wa my birthday..20 minute till over..need to spend this quick rt shineekmjto i vote for bts_twt for bbmas btsbbmas top social artist award armys uhh what is chill rt topsocialartist votes 02 05 2017 7 50 cest bts_twt 21.868.300 btsbbmas justin 3.781.900 selena 491.489 ariana 593.370 s rt cyphergod_tae if u see a tweet about stop from voting. its a false rumor. ask them to delete it. i vote bts_twt for top social artis  littlewitchsucy disgracert asyounotwish when we will retaliate strongly he ll be the first one to ask for proofs. we voted for modi we ll show him mirror i just want to go back to when i met bex i wa genuinely so excited and happy even tho it wa only for a few minrt artificialoppa cati_mizoe nctsgiri mingyukimlobeu maliashake hoseokmyking pastelkooks bbmasvotes2017 bts_twt i vote rt maturetrumptwts 1 2 i misspoke off the cuff this morning re a. jackson a president i admire despite his many flaw chief among t rt corazongold_ is everything okay at home how fintech amp bank have to adapt to the ever changing world in providing convenience at a reduced cost to customer - do or die samanbankrt girlposts my inner monologue remember not everything is about you. also me rt tatianycoeuvre evening. how cute rt jeremycranemd robotics well suited to particular operation in particular patients. not a surgical panacea frank_dor get 5 pound of gummy sharks for 13.69 rt everestgroup see a data-rich comparison of 150 service provider across ito bpo rpa and more in one complimentary resource this army is voting for bts for top social artist at the btsbbmas seventy fouri vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award 2017 twenty onert dav33241 dvatw didn t juncker say when it becomes serious you have to lie. ..i need backup battle id 60472f98 lvl 50 alpheus rt zendaya when you and your assistant don t fuck with nobody..rbf lesbian in lingerie and nylon the key - watch lesbian movie three girl wearing pantyhose on their tight ass cr the hate u give have you ever heard the song dope it s good and because that i will vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt nadhinaazz_ i am voting for bts_twt for the 2017 btsbbmas top social artis awardrt jdbvotespree this was a look rt to vote for justinbieber for top social artist at the bbmas justinbbmas req graphicdesigner on freelance basis in mumbai . send resume at info elasticjobs.com or reg at rt bbmasvotes2017 . selenagomez bts_twt arianagrande justinbieber retweet to vote for shawnmendes for the shawnbbmas top social arti rt kyleereneeclark i hate when movie have a terrible ending i forgot how good max payne 3 is.rt allynnruan fifty seven. and my vote go to bts_twt top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas because at the end of the day do you k  westmanuk dramaticrt mattyxlangford goodnight to my boy only rt xbox rt and follow xbox for a chance to win a forzahorizon3 e bundle hotwheels and more forzasweepstakes rules secure your retirement with rental income retireyourway realestateinvestingrt minsugapiics i vote for bts_twt for the top social artist award in the btsbbmas -rt this to gain more votedon t be shocked when you amp the rest of the lawless left are punished amp rebuked for wanting and allowing murderer o rt mylittlev i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt itmeirl me irl rt taehyungpiics i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas taehyung s nailrt malakingtaetae 500 rts n i ll wear a white dress and a veil with a banner that says will you marry me taehyung in hangul or n rt markccrowley employee engagement s been in the tank in 15 yrs. to fully restore it we must re-invent leadership. futureofwork rt vavanillah so many plan yet so poorrt belldummii once justin bought iphones for his beliebers bc he saw them watching his mv in istudio justinbbmasrt belldummii once justin bought iphones for his beliebers bc he saw them watching his mv in istudio justinbbmasrt wale one time for my guy btsbbmas. let my boy shinert illusion_pixs this hypnotizing wolf. rt rylandlynch just landed back in la rt xtools_at create lean node.js image with docker multi-stage build nodejs webdev rt hmachaggis they re like this in tesco when they see reduced food item spencermay humanbeingish please rt interiordesign homedecor decoration our trip to spain with many hospital visit i am voting bts_twt for the top social artist awards btsbbmas sorry if i can t tweet a lot my hand got hurt the other dayi voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award  njhrebels done give the ffs to rosaswine please xoxo rt gotpussy6 full video here gt gt gt rt soflagamer live on residentevilzero cgn supportsmallstreamers twitch spawnrts twitchsafezone.. rt ciarawatson05 momma wats rt coolestlifehack how to set a goal. jimin i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas michelle tweeted this herself rt michellemorente pre-game blk513 nicky18garcia we were thrilled to have professor lisabero present a seminar to staff today on integrity of research and it inf rt mercedesbenzind get your car s filter checked before 31st may amp say goodbye to pollution. book now mymercedesmyservice  eatj1n cannot.. cannot do this. please repent.what i wouldn t give to be kendall rn latina beauty takes load on face rt dopedaegu i vote bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas namjoon the type of guy to go to museum and kakao friend store to b . leeuiwoonq what are these first two photos of him hahawhy these hoe can t mind they business on insta taking picture but ain t never with they child cramps this late really  marredcast -- with baldness milk. so why didn t i get taller should i start to play game too rt thetanalea that late night callofduty because who doesn t love 12 year old boy talking shit to you i m never cutting my hair again.rt iamseyishay good morning peep 2day is the start of the club tour 4 my new single weekend vibes prod by krizbeatz_ we star fell like you out here trynna choose upi am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas ort lsababe someone ur eye r really red omg r u high me hah yea man narrator she had been cry all afternoonrt causewereguys current relationship status closed sell 10.0 lots usdjpy 11.848 for -2.0 pip total for today 3.8 pip fx fx fx  sstellaahh fuck mybadrt huffpostcomedy bowl of chicken and fry with a straw to your soda through the center. murica. meet my kind followers. planningstrat mrinnovation1 lorenjedwards i_moguls bethgargano artbyleahnadeau anogueracamara donghae joined cywold because of eunhyuk. while eunhyuk joined twitter because of donghae.you must be some kind of stupid because she look just like you fool.rt jypnation twice signal 2017.05.15 6pm twice signal rt gororuru just use bbmas amp btsbbmas if you re not sure whisper here an example i vote for bts_twt a top social artist at the b catholic archbishop grammar and free school now on the hymn sheet generalnews get 50 now join dresslily get your 50 now i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist btsbbmas 43just posted a photo rt nba_skits russell westbrook will be eligible for a 5-year 217m supermax making him the highest-paid player in nba history.samsung just got approval to start testing a self-driving car  gigglesandkush 2 40 am here in fort lauderdale quote you can t expect to be old and wise if you were never young and crazy.rt comedyortruth fact  samheughan a fast year we want septemberrt historyepics al capone - the original gangster. why am i so inspired at 3 am but the definition of unmotivated at real hours of the dayrt chimasimone forget the red carpet. the metgala bathroom is lit.  riotwallchannel thought on the kievmajor i m going to assume you watched it prt emilyrainlive there s no place like.. there s no place like.. join today r i vote for bts_twt in bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas first love stigma or lie rt lexi4prez who on the left think this.. rt bangtaened i vote bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award first lovert shawnmendesind i m voting for shawnmendes for top social artist at the bbmas shawnbbmasrt ffv951230 i m voting bts_twt for the top social artist awards btsbbmas please tweet or retweet this together we will winpeople who can make decision are beautifulrt textsbook cuddling in bed amp falling asleep is probably the best feeling in a relationship.rt alexsteffen humanity took a selfie from between saturn s rings. thanks svein t veitdal for the follow find me on fb  firebase - user comment on thing android studio tech internet question howto  update card 1 for adrian colbert 49ersdraft rt worsepapi i m fine. i just need to take a nap and get over it.rt 0lightsource generic sister character with a rack and no as rt comedyworidstar if you don t get this we can t be friend rt liberienne but somehow cannot understand how sexism and misogyny which have actual proven detrimental effect on the life of woman this is how you do a red carpet lady and gentleman  velvetblogs indyluxe i know right rt real_pabo i voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award. okay i think my vote are enough for today time to use my shit those puto idoolsumaang carlasanch77 hope you know that s a jighere is my vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist awards. rmyou were all great rt iamseyishay good morning peep 2day is the start of the club tour 4 my new single weekend vibes prod by krizbeatz_ we star rt colesprouse found my virginity.check this out healthylivingrt vixxsaranghaeyo if a vixx member gets long hair im gonna dielondon news search us airstrike turned a home in iraq s mosul into a death trap 1 london - tiff_mac12mcco premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart 74shir47 bbmasvotes2017 i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt voguemagazine . blakelively in gold at the metgala. rt princeots look at the smile from walmart though.  fragrance beauty fashion friday scent of the day 8 19 rt taehyungpic a video compilation of taehyung change from cute tae to rude v rt aldubvines read between the like mainedcm aldubxdtbylettinggo marryyoungmaichard rt intlroleplay rtl what do you call a sad cup of coffee depresso back to old joke because it still hilarious rt strangeworid playing with death rt ffv951230 i m voting bts_twt for the top social artist awards btsbbmas please tweet or retweet this together we will winrt atashamakintab i m voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas bbmas fighting rt lexi4prez cinco de mayo is coming up so i d like to remind white people dressing up in sombrero mustache and getting drunk is annoyi rt jedidiahprosper and this is what we are missing because he ha used this god given power to change my family and my life..please w rt bangtan_india tweets with hashtag bbmas don t count hashtags btsbbma or btsbbmas do. use one per tweet. i vote bts for top social ar i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmastell me what s on your mindrt suhanigold1 the complete history of tyga amp kylie jenner s relationship . rt suhanigold1 the complete history of tyga amp kylie jenner s relationship . rt vianantonette the first step to getting anywhere is deciding you re no longer willing to stay where you are. mayward growinginlovert voguemagazine at the metgala gigihadid wore caramel from head to toe literally. sex text message idea big cock little pussy all these beautiful female celebs started their sexual life at a very very small age  onedrecti0nfans amazaynunicorn beautiful dusty haired hot milf fingering her wet cooter in the bath tube rt bngbngtn07 i voted bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmas i love you my boys rt sopeordie who the fuck are bts and why the fuck people are voting like all population in the whole world this is the best thing i ve rt suhanigold1 the complete history of tyga amp kylie jenner s relationship . i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award fighting vote retweet stream repeat go army s we got this xanny help the pain yeah please xanny make it go away.dramatically increase your conversions with one simple question rt papaprincess_18 gurmeetramrahim wonderful jesurprise rt jinjjarevil what is going on why is seokjin punching the life out of taehyung omo this will be my death i am voting for bts for top social artist btsbbmas kim taehyungyous bum ain t got enough hair cross ya chest tur preciate deez. i am not a company man i am rt taehyungpiics i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas taehyung s nail also there is no time frame in voting on twitter. voting period last until may 21 6pm pt may 22 9am here in ph .russians flock to china for herbal therapy eye on chinese media bloomberg vote bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist 51rt artsmood it would be great if you could stop worrying so much about everything and let somebody love you. rt sakurasatsuki25 they just started 4 year ago and now they won a daesang hence i am voting for bts_twt for the top social artist aw rt myoongi_0309 i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas it s cute how we do shifting. when other army wake up rt sexuaifeed why doe weed make sex so much better rt artsmood it would be great if you could stop worrying so much about everything and let somebody love you. rt delicatejeon i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award taehyung is so pretty i can t even rt if u agree 1 vote 1 rt criticalanglez trump is unfit to lead an ant colony let alone the nation with the world s most powerful military mt. rt pottermemory it seems despite your exhaustive defensive strategy you still have a bit of a security problem headmaster. rt huskyherculean rogue soa oc not real ruby rose oc s welcome lesbian no smut rp ships on chemistry open all seasons whaat rt artsmood it would be great if you could stop worrying so much about everything and let somebody love you. no more nyaa now what rt chukmorka african parent don t play when you put shoe on the couch w jrockfilms ichvse rt cathturtle also wtf newshubnz why have you watermarked the video you broke the story no need to turn it into an agenda item. rt chukmorka african parent don t play when you put shoe on the couch w jrockfilms ichvse rt chukmorka african parent don t play when you put shoe on the couch w jrockfilms ichvse rt capkirkdandy im live come join me twitch_retweet1 retweet_twitch streamertweets teamonyxhqrt cuteemergency ollie isn t like most dogs. ollie is a nibbler and that s why we love him rt chukmorka african parent don t play when you put shoe on the couch w jrockfilms ichvse rt richchigga watch me pull up to met gala w my pubes in my hand rt corbynator2 theresa may say she fully expects to be pm. jeremy responds well the election hasn t happened yet. maybe she sho rt petstarr unbelievable. mr bean full movie all episode 2 4 best funny movie 2017 youtube via youtubert chukmorka african parent don t play when you put shoe on the couch w jrockfilms ichvse  sairavitejar trust we ve already clarified this. we re just a tweet away if there s anything else that we can help you with.stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and no unfollowers via rt kookie_estelle i love bts very much so i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awards.serious inquiry only reggiesackey same looltheu only see he effect neber the causetired of giving you hoe the time of day rt cornhillcrafts indigo shibori workshop session today v. happy with outcomes. i m earning mplusrewards in crazy snake. crazy_snakert huemvn the grass is greenest where it s watered.rt rooney_esque you have to admire this goal by emre can. can t remember a better goal scored in the premier league for the last de tired. rithvik_rd nice em00re16 is this mingo park in mon valley pa seriously men are you listening and btw engaging her doesn t mean saying to her i want to fuck you bs interference call rt kings_ne shocking photo 0f tiffany trump going viral doesn t want you to see gt gt gt  it s all about money fame and ownership. an archaeologist reveals the shady business behind museum collection rt sarahspeachy 2017 the year of going up to people who are mean to u and spitting at them. not even saying anything just spitting chabarshaal welcome back rt intthings hard work pay off. stay dedicated. be persistent. remain positive. dream big and conquer all you wanti vote for shawnmendes for top social artist bbmas shawnbbmasrt daw491 no problem with humphrys asking abbott where they d get the money from. but he wa flippant amp he doesn t ask tories the money q sheemaay bessyytyrt taxhomes 10 state where foreclosure woe linger realestate entrepreneur rt hartvangoud07 i am voting for bts_twt for the 2017 bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt oyerjalok another surprise by jattu himself gurmeetramrahim jesurprise jetshirt jattuengineer insan_honey rt oyerjalok another surprise by jattu himself gurmeetramrahim jesurprise jetshirt jattuengineer insan_honey  emanueltheg bruhi am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmasrt drcolumbia987 globalist zuckerberg whose creation allows for meeting forum for pedophile anti-trump rant sponsors anti-trump r i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas park ji sungrt stockmonsterusa antifa destroying portland here we see one guy throwing a lit devise into building fbi trumpteacheshistory h one person followed me automatically checked by i liked a youtube video warthunder - a-20g one shotrt sleepingseokjin musicchoice bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt liberienne assholes never gave a shit about gendered abuse until woman started taunting them like they ve done u since the beginning mood rt sexuaifeed why doe weed make sex so much better rt manmanyangyen cute rt alexa_kim10 globalbts bts_twt i m voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award fighting rt j_shwahh exactly a safe space where i don t have to worry about frat throwing noose and banana at me lmao pm narendra modi booster shot propels khadi sale country take to desi product with gusto rt rm020316 for maichard i still have hope sila ang bida sinjieredeemdtby rt stephanenardin the anatomy of a data-centric business infographic analytics digitalmarketing bigdata s rt 21savage you better act like you eatin even when you hungryrt kaesthetically just like pastel you were able to bring out the best hue in me weightlifting fairy kim bok joo 2016 rt dvatw and just when you thought bbcradio4 couldn t get more ridiculous- diane abbott pop up to demonstrate that a village is missing rt artsmood don t apologize. rt kyaukhaadlega make this your pinned tweet. rt artsmood don t apologize. why china s sinopec and saudi aramco cross path in the international capital market south china morning post  btsbbmas bbmas i voted bts_twt for top social artist award rt jungkookcokr i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt troymaraj the wink ha me dead rt 9lgohnldyaydf7i i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award let s vote to bts jin suga jhope rapmonster jimin v jun i just entered to win a live clean prize pack on beautyloveca 3. i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award for 2017interlude wing i vote bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmasrt wshhfans when you stand in the shortest checkout line but the one next to you is moving faster. rt jeff__benjamin i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt freezekookie i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas why i woke up so early i m sleepy nowrt mydeeryo 2017 dream concert line up exo shinee taemin vixx btob red velvet nct127 twice astro laboum sonamoo clc seventeen  jjmarmota comete un milky wayrt iamseyishay good morning peep 2day is the start of the club tour 4 my new single weekend vibes prod by krizbeatz_ we star rt epaa_shj islamic botanical garden give visitor the opportunity to watch 52 specie of plant mentioned in the quran an chris ngige labour minister blame disruption of celebration on nlc faction she need to dress like the chicc from ghost in the shell rt. rt muchvcha amp all about me  fact rt misstia77 what is a feminist  firstessex ok thanks suppose that s what happens when you have a drink session on a school night rt brennleybrown thank you so much for the love here is the link to -river the voice performance - single by brennley brown rt smendesarmyluv guys the vote don t count if you add picture bbmas bbmmas bbmas retweet rt queenkimbaby go pull that lame shit on a lame bitchi am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas i ll keep voting within 24hrs goodluck bts rt bbcsport zlatan ibrahimovic will play again that s the view of his agent after successful knee surgery. more rt btsxpics reply this tweet with i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt disneyjunior exciting news the lion guard educational exhibit open at the miami children s museum in january 2018 rt mynephilim this is the real bts impact y all rt sotogetstoto if i get a face tat that s 10k follower on soundcloud.rt roguesalazar thanks twitter for being in my cellphone my life rreeaallyy want cuddle check out yellow - acoustic on smule singkaraokelondon voted remain .. better crank up the propaganda machine a bit then rt rtonyourantif rt if u rt thing to hint at someonert rubyvicky_i gurmeetramrahim mind-blowing surprise jesurprise i just had the worst leg cramp in my lifert plz_connecting . bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist. too hot success doublinrt jackmiddleton_1 when superdry just isn t quite enough rt alyssavingan bella so i m going to be running into my ex with his new gf for the first time.. alex wang say no more fam. rt emmablackery i fucking did it. fuck you anxiety i fucking wrote about you and it didn t invoke fear. you don t hold me back anymore. rt johnwren1950 breaking pm turnbull announces 78th review into gonski in 4 years. apparently review are preferable to making actual d rt jesusworecrocs when y all been talking 4 a while and u send that 1st freak nasty text let s not be lazy.. go go go let s keep on voting bts_twt for bbmas top social artist. btsbbmasi m at that stage in life where all i need is attendance not attention. rpeworld itemrt dharrenuka ahmedalifayyaz jammu4india are u askrt foxnews surgeons perform first-ever procedure on triplet with rare skull condition via rt greenwoodcafe it s bank holiday monday amp we re open find u the greenwoodcentre coalbrookdale til 5pm it s coffeetime rt tribalations who wore it better wooh recess is life rt noheartfound don t pas me the aux cord my playlist so bipolar imma have you feeling like a savage then in your feeling to feeling  shady_gator theyre not hurting u so leave them alone lrt theroyalmob i did a freestyle to drake s free smoke with my team. show love by retweeting it full video  april_onelove anysapappas she didn t say april. she said tessa and joeyimagine sticking to the theme and wearing piece of cloth thrown together and still looking breathtaking. rihanna can relate metgalart wale to my enemy .. i really pray that u don t fall jibarra1310 oh fuck rt roguepotusstaff the list of people who believe him on anything is amazingly short even among those closest to him. rt savagebomber omg guys please rt this jahshang help me get my youtube game up rt amorfati_ji if this granny look jennie wearing gonna trend in korea well im telling you rt 2015smetgala blake lively x ryan reynolds metgala rt dncpress gop congressman dan donovan new trumpcare bill mean people with pre-existing condition will pay more rt adzeugah people will take advantage of ur desperation people will ignore ur cry 4 help.just make sure u empower ur self so ur never rt myregularface another angle. left knee is a nightmare welcome to my new 11 follower and goodbye to 8 unfollowers free stats by rt savagebomber omg guys please rt this jahshang help me get my youtube game up  prayerfocus after over 30 year of service with febc sammy lyall national director of feba pakistan ha retired. pray dj khaled will make a cameo in the new spider-man movie photo - done cat love people dontjudgecats another moment that will never not be uproariously funny to me. rt davidfrum a contemporary described jackson prowling like a tiger inside the cage of his ignorance so trump ha a basis for his self rt daarubaazmehta shocking modi govt s railway catering scam revealed by rti 100gm curd for 972 refined oil for 1 241 a litre rt czarsaif i would rather die of passion than boredomrt jadagee_ i m convinced they put something in baby formula after 199 rt kings_ne 04 some things you never knew about donald trump s wife gt gt gt rt kings_ne 04 some things you never knew about donald trump s wife gt gt gt rt kings_ne 04 some things you never knew about donald trump s wife gt gt gt rt fanfeet69 realy sexy  bigbreastpics eye4boobs nice. very nice.rt scapa100 previously unknown german wreck found in scapa flow rt jauredramatic this artist deserves endless attention wow rt kings_ne 04 some things you never knew about donald trump s wife gt gt gt rt kings_ne 04 some things you never knew about donald trump s wife gt gt gt rt theotherdzc whattoread classic ghost story on kindle elegant and suspenseful rt afnansn1 homaidan deserves to be reunited with his family member alturkiparoleim voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas.rt to vote btsbbmas not only couple commit in a relationship but fan a wellrt chukmorka when your sister get in a relationship pt. 3 w ichvse rt _zolarmoon wait. stop. hold the press. . this may be fact rt jupiterjuett all of 2020 is out of pocket tonight rt earthjustice the ocean are rising and so are we. peoplesclimate environmentaljustice resist climatemarch democracy rt kings_ne 04 some things you never knew about donald trump s wife gt gt gt rt changjaeftw this is so cute my heart hurt i choose to vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award of the year btsbbmas jezza_77 siburstyn oh morts salope rt globebizzle most people won t retweet this because they re too scared to have justin performing the best song from believe on t  sahil_rg meet shahrukh khan read this for mondaymotivation gt rt kings_ne 04 some things you never knew about donald trump s wife gt gt gt rt kings_ne 04 some things you never knew about donald trump s wife gt gt gt ella-luminous wool boucle jacket amp ivory silk faille dress stylish luxury feminine tailoring catherinewalker rt taehyungbase i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist award at the btsbbmas bultaoreuneblake lively all the way metgalart bitcoingarden voise fair platform for musicians built on ethereum crowdsale starts in 4 days may 6 2017  katyperry i can make it with you katy.. - ..soo hard to move.. - ..soo hard to think.. - ..and as we can hold i vote for bts_twt in btsbbmas for top social artist award. not today rt femaleiife take what you need and rt for someone elsert tobshamilton theres coming an animated short film about a boy and his heart chasing down the boy of his dreams this summer its i swear i think i been high my whole mf in life. sinbadbad with a younger guy out of my league and into boob just so i m guaranteed misery and deogee67 can recor too hilarious to let pass.. whydidkattapakillbahubali sosorry rt gabriella_akat rice wa sod and treated benghazi like a gossip column. oh hey it wa video that started benghazimassacre  redthreadgames does this mean the physical box may be coming soon rt gurmeetramrahim pleased to receive 7 asia book of records last night i heartily dedicate these award to shah satnam-shah mastan rt superbikeal spot on rt shinsukesshield shinsuke nakamura debuted on main roster like a few weeks ago and he is already in a sdl poster. also his first mai rt ironnorm77 can t wait to see the mayansmc by sutterink fanart rollout mayanmonday rt complex really diddy rt _zolarmoon the glass alone just murdered me. idk how it s legal for her to beat our ass everytime she leaf the house mo must go rt shadesof66 what the metgala theme wa vs how everyone showed up i think amongst other thing the leader of the church extended invitation to dp motivated by that stereotype rt csgohopee m4a1s decimator ft must follow me csgomelody visit join group  bellbluish a couple  capndesdes i would love to hear it i m here for all of it. thankful and grateful for all of it.rt causewereguys this vine will never get old rt meraresult united health group walkin drive for freshers exp. rt bts_bbmas_vote i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award for this yearrt quynhtrang2k3 i vote for bts_twt for bbmas 2017 top social artist award btsbbmasrt visualfeel i wish you the best but i m the best you ll ever have markgor26 twittermoments whoa man don t say that aldridge is still good one of the best big man in the game right nowrt fitlovelaura i had no confidence and i wa unhappy then i discovered this amp my entire life changed.. the link is in my bio rt itslouisrosa the girl that are worth it are the most difficult so deal with it or get your self a hoesony playstation 4 model cuh-1215a 500gb console black i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist. lostmark steel question time june 2013 rt sarangh4e tag yourself. i m her semi disgusted face while saying i knew it  nitin_gadkari instead of forcing people to wear helmet bring rule like there will not be any kind of insurance who dy in accidentrt arianagrandebph don t forget to include these hashtags to vote bbmas arianabbmasminister of finance mr m gigaba addressing the medium at the medium breakfast. wefafrica2017 rt starryjosh rt for 20 ffs topbbmasasset govt 1s free hold profitable lnp recycling scammed again aus liberalaus amp their greedy backer now airport we ll pay they ll profit rt myoongi_0309 i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas we re doing great in twitter amp website voting..let s do th rt dieegodeleon its d a r e darkiplier__exe nvm i want real flamingos.rt jeff__benjamin i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt champagnefeei ed sheeran song either make you want to cry or fall in love. there s no in between. btsbbmas lets keep it going armys fighting i vote bts_twt for bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt luxbucketlist pick your color twitter likes and follower hack infoapricot ayoteo dcad rt manutd have a good one becks rt btsbbmas challenge this tweet reach five thousand retweets vote i vote for bts_twt in bbmas for top social artist award. btsbb rt markiplier never be afraid to look like a giant dorki vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award fourteenthis is no joke. crowded of peoplert quenblackwell i wasn t able to make it to the metgala but here are my outfit for the event ..these look took years to create. ya know i really need idea on what to get my mom amp my sister for mother s day rt criss281 i am voting for bts_twt for the btsbbma top social artist young foreverrt constar24 mtv and fox cancelled their best show two of the best diverse important show on air. i m so upset.rt woridstarcomedy that lambo though but i still i love you even though i don t like you right nowclosed buy 3.9 lots eurusd 1.09148 for 3.0 pip total for today 24.4 pip accountgrowth currencypair happylife livetrade pipplease rt beauty cosmetic makeup legend spirit by mont blanc i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award spammeddplease say you re down damn. impressive southindianmusic  drakemoon tradeoffer new partner 2053770 amp token zqynqkk2are wind turbines killing innocent goats that s the headline after 400 goat in 1 farm were killed near turbines.  elisayo thehill especially if you never had one.rt girlposts this disney edit gives me life beautiful girl us smoking the bone rt mylondis what s your favourite nestleuki treat don t forget to enter the giveaway on mylondis for your chance to win rt blackleaderpoe the end is nigh rt squawka on this day in 2009 barcelona thrashed real madrid 2-6 in an el clasico xavi refers to a one of his favourites. rt babyanimaiplcs this is so cute rt dioltas8 do we realy need more police on the street to be attacked or murdered in cold blood rt zahiraxo when ya man is jokingly roastin you but start hitting your insecurity why b2b need artificial intelligence fintech ai rt ippatel ec ha cleared sisodia amp mla surinder singh on 2 complaint of office of profit.its conterarary to view of kejriwal about ec s rt annameetsevil bbmasvotes2017 i vote for bts_twt for the top social artist btsbbmasrt vivoreenatics our pretty princess notvivoree at delavinkisses birthday celebration kissesadecadeand8 rt birvin_wvu11 maybe if i stop speaking my mind on twitter and cursing the nfl wouldn t b scared of me. naw fuck that i am who i am le i don t understand what guy get out of cheating if you re bored or not happy than leave the relationship and save the girl the heartbreak tech crunch in 2017 we have averaged an ipo every 13.3 day closed buy 3.9 lots eurusd 1.09148 for 3.0 pip total for today 24.4 pip accountgrowth currencypair happylife livetrade piprt soompi happy birthday to ztao happyztaoday a fun montage of clip with my lovely nephew i am a lucky and proud auntie family rt otaaee i had to get an 80 on my bio lab exam to get a b- in the class amp i got a 79 omgg happy 1st birthday to my heart beat . kiondre dalon i love you more than life itself -mom ambassador of fun great wolf lodge - williamsburg va - to recycling waterconservation wastereduction britneyso7 thank you thats very kind of yourt bugejalbugeja johnsmythe26 jangulli12 tanya_plibersek slsandpet turnbullmalcolm given lack of performance it s high time2qu rt damnitskendrlck it s very rare to find someone that genuinely care about yourt xchadballx buy our new record on itunes please very proud of it. thanks for so many year of love rt joshuxh 26. the scream rt jk_rowling we ve all been there. rt tensionup_1013 i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas. btsbbmaswish you all the best . dallassantos hold it brother hold it. edging rt spacesuppiy this is what the southern light look like from space rt anxietyisme there come a time when you have to choose between turning the page and closing the book.rt blairbunting the last boat i saw leaving dutch harbor.. deadliestcatch discoverychannel landscape rt gurmeetramrahim an exhilarating aura all around received a grand welcome by million of fan gathered at the mega event blessing  2017 5 2 15 41 yellow - open ok to swim only with diving company or instructor rt comesisime ninjanoize theeintro they ve bee working my nerve all night with this shit. ppl can get mad about their child s rt baengtaned_ i vote bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award one hundred eighteen - silver spoonrt wizdomly remember that you were art long before he came to admire you and you ll continue to be art even when he s gone. rt krangtnelson local heroin addict doe not have a drug problem rt jackieaina do you ever just look in the mirror and be like daamn i m lookin good today davidswift14 enjoy school you ve a lot to learni m just gonna turn my phone off n diert tweetlikeagiri retweet in 10 second and you ll get best news ever rt bestjaredspics happy birthday to the strongest and cutest character i ve known happybirthdaysamwinchester  rethinking_ed daviddidau mjburnage mfordhamhistory c_hendrick thealiceroberts edujdw careful. spectrum is i wa gonna post the link to our house party on here but they told me no cause my follower crazy r.i.p grandpa lew. my heart is hurting. thematelix yaas thank you pheewah list of the 20 most popular micro blogging sites on the internet blogoptimization rt bts_twt sugaswaggy but i can read english latest besieged venezuela leader order writing of new constitution celebrity gossipaccounts officer job hiring rt rocknrollpics john lennon in nyc 1974. bob gruen. rt mike__2ff me amp bro cello_2ff going viral smash the link now called downs which one rt vbenard the latest the vincent benard daily thanks to aurelien_veron mlp nuitdeboutthis mini bagel wth extra philadelphia cheese rt jeff__benjamin i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasnove seis i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt mennewsdesk it s manchester in 2017 and there are homeless people living in tunnel under our feet. rt horuzgfx draw mc profile client nuzeri commission are opened dm buy hope u like rt are awesome thanks  sx6yy please tweet come on the latest the pure quality athlete thanks to camdyetri jimdonovancbs3 a_salmo stanleycup nfldraftrt barbarindian pakistani liberal support the version of pakistani army. indian liberal support the version of .. pakistani army rt theeintro won t ever understand how these bitch getting mad over the gender of their child when they re blessed enough to e rt ogmike69 we got scared by a frog and so did my dog but he couldnt leave his toy behind lmfao rt yung_korn im afraid of all the yr i wa bullshiting around when i finally give that 1 my all she gne hurt me.. so fuck it i rt nozomivevo after like 5 hour i m finally happy with this edit llsif diakurosawa aqours workers march on mayday maputo aim report mozambique making my first dent into a new bobbibrown palette rt yokoboee we dont need easy baby we just need possiblert danababy97 i said yes teymurylin premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygaga edtop5 million reasons - lady gagamoving to hawaii after graduation is sounding like the best optionrt coryevans me rn we need that black hippy album rt groomb business chief warn against brexit dominating election want focus on broadband tax regulation skills. rt machinima nailed it rt imbeatriz26 something to watch out for rt snowhecmacartne donald trump face of betrayal rt omgimannoying how i want my nigga to look at me how two cutting edge u.s. nuclear project bankrupted westinghouse rt nbcthevoice if teamblake ha your vote tonight retweet and vote y all voicetop11 laurenduski aliyahmoulden we need usagsessions amp potus realdonaldtrump 2 enforce this act of law period deport them all  danielurias97 prettyviree janice_lovee i saw my namert kool16512592 when lovely ladies spread their legs gt gt gt rt meetanimals man crawls 18 feet into the earth to pull off the most epic puppy rescue rt wale one time for my guy btsbbmas. let my boy shinethis army is voting for bts for top social artist at the btsbbmas eighty onert lil_intro_vertt migos looking like the sauciest 3 blind mouse at the metgala metgala2017 i vote for bts_twt for bbmas top social artist btsbbmas turn up i vote for bts_twt for bbmas top social artist award awakewe ve just fired him lovablepearl_ this is mtnjon how may i help you rt tweetlikeagiri retweet in 10 second and you ll get best news ever premiere de the dinner en el teatro the writers guild de beverly hills rt modelsactivity jaden smith and since i coudn t bring my sister a a date i brought my old hair metgala rt lwsboss9 mann you got any crack left..ill give you my hair mann rt freakmonroe chapter ii the silence of the lambs rt ffv951230 i m voting bts_twt for the top social artist awards btsbbmas please tweet or retweet this together we will winrt anissira watch supernatural season 11 episode 11 online will dean figure out that castiel is lucifer lucifer  williamlegate realdonaldtrump everytime trump tweet something you people start talking to yourself to drown out rt alexjcharlton torydirtymoney coming from hsbc could have won tories the 2010 election. millions donated even a george osborne helped listen the best radio promo now playing gentlemen of rock n roll - we still rock on jack wills knitted hoodie small deer in the headlights.i just need some to keep it low key with lik frfr photos man nabbed in ghana for attempting to smuggle indian hemp to nigeria here photo exhibition launch to fight against sexual abuse rt linadbg blackhawks vs. oilers game preview 2015 chicago eye season.. edmontonoilersrt linadbg connor mcdavid score beautiful goal in return to oilers.. edmontonoilersi am voting for bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas yoongirt thirdminded tree farm are so cool milwaukeecp premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart woifboys hide your girlfriend.. im headed out for the day rt imbeatriz26 something to watch out for rt anissira watch supernatural season 11 episode 11 online will dean figure out that castiel is lucifer lucifer rt lilduval the first nigga to have white slave rt failsign i hope whoever made this video go to hell rt dril by day i m a mild mannered toilet specialist but when i pick up the contorller i become vance hardgamer rreal life murderer ext rt annetteashley61 currently uk citizen can live amp work or study in 27 eu country 2019 that right is going to be lost by brexit bi rt iim_g_w_vii retweet this follow all who rt for 25 followers fast teamfollowback followtrick anotherfollowtrain mgwv foll deer in the headlights.rt btsgainmutuals rt this to gain girl bts stan mutuals i vote for bts bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt brownjenjen community praise seattle police on how they handled may day.. mayday i vote for arianagrande for top social artist at the bbmas arianabbmas fourteenrt meaw_patt sorry justinbbmasrt burning__bush prophecydepot their agreement will make no difference. to deny that israel exists is paramount to saying god doesn this night just remind me of.. everything they deprived me of.. rt relevantae bangtanfamfic ineffablehseok parkjiminslips bts_twt rt 1 vote i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top soci damn i m lucky afrt litjams shawty - plies ft. t-pain scott quigg join muhammadali and ricky burns after breaking.. muhammadali  mattbombhead oh i sayrt red_hobi this is my vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awards.rt youjust_notcoo bro that s like your girl buying another dude a pair shoe virender sehwag aao zara hatt ke commentary karein.see you at 8pm on ucnews_india app sunnyleone rt snowhecmacartne donald trump face of betrayal rt tweetlikeagiri retweet in 10 second and you ll get best news ever i vote for bts_twt for the 2017 btsbbmas top social artist awardpandemonium in jos hospital a dead man grab brother s hand in mortuary via vanguard news rt goalsbible a good boyfriend - know you - trust you - love you - respect you - honor you - support you - want you - app same for the 3rd time rt summit1g sometimes a simple peanut butter and jelly sandwich is just so damn good.my bestfriend hang up on me and tell me she gone call me back but never do it .. yea i need a new best  chakatkimber m_m_myers joshcrandall2 hot_tweet_man_1 imagine blocking someone for something innocuous a this. rt machinima nailed it rt dailyakademiks upcoming chicago rapper kiddkill123 drops video real trap s t do yall think he s bout it or nah i voted bts_twt for the top social artist award at btsbbmaswin this game amvt obfrt dailyakademiks upcoming chicago rapper kiddkill123 drops video real trap s t do yall think he s bout it or nah rt dailyakademiks upcoming chicago rapper kiddkill123 drops video real trap s t do yall think he s bout it or nah i vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas bitieessrt dailyakademiks upcoming chicago rapper kiddkill123 drops video real trap s t do yall think he s bout it or nah rt mhd_hafifi salam. 2 day to go guys. and i need another rm380 to complete my campaign. please rt this tweet rt joelembiid sometimes i ask myself what s wrong with me .. haven t found the answer yetrt 200606net preview 170502 icn nct127 haechan no man can safely remain ungoverned who ha not learned to govern himselfrt aasdanny sat next to hyde park s dean campbell at the nff banquet. longtime coach and member of texas 1969 and 1970 title team say with regard to greater health. vitorun com rt dailyakademiks upcoming chicago rapper kiddkill123 drops video real trap s t do yall think he s bout it or nah rt dailyakademiks upcoming chicago rapper kiddkill123 drops video real trap s t do yall think he s bout it or nah rt anshrnalimbo five i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas lets do thisrt kata_pazderova top social artist vote for justinbieber bbmas justinbbmasrt beywitched kathniel twitter serye exit wounds 14 rt jinbase i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award we re currently on 20.4m 20m more in 10hrs and we re setting a new rt tinycarebot dont forget to check your posture pleasei need ur current location i m voting for bts_twt at btsbbmas for top social artist awardmy vote go to bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award v-army always support bts btsbbmasrt archiecomics who killed jason blossom you ll find out this thursday at 9 8c during an all new episode of cw_riverdale rt retailweek tesco launch new campaign to drive health credential this is my vote for bts_twt for the year btsbbmas top social artist award at the bbmasrt iioveoceans beauty of the ocean pawn shop bar and poverty chic how working-class life wa colonised guardian rt dailyakademiks upcoming chicago rapper kiddkill123 drops video real trap s t do yall think he s bout it or nah  ceregumilliquidiron for anemia w methylcobalamin b12 folicacid b6 vitamin - fresh lemon taste energy boos rt djwilliams__ take the damn picture marcus rt lovlikejesus my hope lie in jesus. rt ajftshawn . shawnmendes four i vote for shawnmendes for the top social artist award shawnbbmasateneo s blocking is on point this 5th.  nathehcsgo k0hn_ he said you told him last weekrt shawtybey_ kimmy g and josh used their head to score a point hahaha goldandgloryateneoinsta stalked myself till 2013 rt luca_marini_97 ranch vrridersacademy forwardracinggp cause every corner i turn a nigga testing me and every morning i mourn just for the le of me- my brother whose soul now rest in peacert yfnlucci like pac rt solemnmoonlight i vote bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas i cant believe bangtan s here in the ph for a week i have been rt moriamhoe i have a month to raise fund for my upcoming rents. please help by rt or donating. please. i have no other choice. she feel like she settled to soon while she see me go for mine and she admires that ethereum fell though not quite a expected rt jvweeziana i m gonna have a huge testimony by the end of this month. amenhighlight of this meal besides the vegetable biryani and dhal curry beet by the slice rt aldub_louise18 . youtube all the art of living lie in a fine mingling of letting go and holding on. aldubxdtbylettinggoabolish the negative button rt mitchkimpark i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas i love vmin so muchrt heyyounotyouyuu another angle of jackson wang checking on his fan the way he turned so quickly he is so manly jacksonwang rt martinnsanjuan so gone lol i vote bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt mark_beech three year ago rt kookieyeudau this vote casted is for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt jimmywopo_ you don t need anyone s permission to do yourt leaderluna coffee rt girlposts the most iconic confrontation in movie history never leave you - lumidee rt tariqterry pas it on get hour direction and more for over 2 700 museum in 79 us cities. traveltips i cast my vote for bts_twt for the bbmas award for top social artist btsbbmasrt lilyjamesonline first look at lilyjames at the metgala wearing a custom burberry bustier white gown with a bow at the back st rt aaleeksii itsdanygcc btsinti bts_twt itsdanygcc omg i live for your comment btsbbmasrt susanneleist dancing in the moonlight can be hazardous to your health. the dead game suspense rt jasmoneyrecords i think a larger issue is that men arrive at college still needing to be educated about consent. big good luck and best wish to my dad today with his knee replacement -and also because i have to look after his business in the mean timert retailweek opinion lesson from the legendary feargal quinn rt kateleth the best thing i can say about this dress is that lena dunham deserves it rt amandap12484977 vinte e seis i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt canduh_ self portrait i ve always wanted to get henna tats. so i did rt ziyatong this world ha 14 foot high 500 lb fish. mola mola are awesome. rt artsyadidas5 i vote bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmas forty threei vote for bts_twt on btsbbmas top social artist award. let s do this for bts. saranghaert trevellanderson the pose make it. gigi hadid. metgala amen ugh why is piersmorgan so hateful gmb gmbgood morning friends qaitbay citadel alexandria. thisisegypt rt arfmeasures me i ve eaten a lot of spicy food gf if u eat too much of it u lose your sense of taste me watching adam sandler ha rt cheese_bang i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt bheylituh i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmasrt jeonsatellite i voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award outro propose extended studio version pleasetop - 5 birthday tag for an indian actor 1.ajith - 100k 2.pawan - 614k 3.ramacharan - 44k 4.ajith - 430k.. rt ahencyclopedia tyrian purple. phoenicia history rt superhighbros if your dating me  damp_cat can t escape from debt.rt taysixo lol i m pushing 6ixofem back blame liltwan079 cbsaustin prisonplanet death penalty is too good for scum like this.rt domcena depression isn t always suicide note and pill bottles. sometimes it s all smile and fake laughter.. it not always easy to rt queenjnc why am i up like i don t have a whole 8 a.m in the morning lolhas anyone told theresa_may who else promised strongandstable government to win vote she need to revise her kn major apps including google maps amazon ebay appear to have ditched their apple watch apps and have quietly remo blockchain tracker role in digital advertising the lyric to this song are v v relatable to me i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award bangtan slay thrurt netmediatama net 4.0 press conference i really love puppersrt xavyesco rihanna wa shook to see frank at the metgala i m a man rt sirmitchell breaking trump introduces u to his newest cabinet member a frog painted on his face. rt maddowblog asked about health care trump trip over his own ignorance rt timetolovejj you ll never be able to find yourself if you re lost in someone else. need to forget it. i sware i try.rt vavanillah what can i say it complicatedi hope my husband and i are well and we miss you we hope to return haroobomkumrt capricrnquotes capricorn are always pursuing something and trying to succeed in life.rt jonathansmucker tom hayden used to say change is slow except when it s fast. this is a fast moment. marshall ganz obconf2017rt vavanillah what can i say it complicatedrt armyvn_twt i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt vavanillah what can i say it complicatedi could see jupiter from my bed window  nickdoesntmiss u know what.. naw.rt headliner_jk i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas jungkook world best oppart vavanillah what can i say it complicatedrt onlythepolls i wanna be cuddled right now and have my back rubbed until i fall asleepim on the way up yfnluccii love bigger woman i ve never been so happy rt dog_rates here we have an exotic dog. good at ukulele. fashionable af. has two more arm if needed. is blue. knows what ohan 5 gems to help you find amazing candidates through indeed via socialtalent stressedrt markdistef the time ha come to bring the school funding war to an end - best starting scrawl of a star wars movie everrt sodamntrue someone how are you me im fine. my mental health rt kinqsvga btsbbmas i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmasrt ardnie but why.. rt asahdsendthat normani blink me rt marcuschown rt if you think this baby dressed a a lobster would negotiate a better eu deal than tories  citwaudio take all the time you need  senatorryan samdastyari auselectoralcom you two senator collude to protect a criminal secret bhoys club. it s raining rt sexualgoais mood oh man oh god jesus fuck i farted and it smell horriblert hugotdre when you find the right person who make you happy don t let them go.i am voting for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artis award btsbbmas dancer_052 your weak..rt mollymcnearney we had a baby. here is the story told so eloquently by my sweet husband. thank you for all the love support and pr rt snowberrytae i vote for bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmas - 15m vote - broke bbmas server - trending worldwide t honestly lovers is such an adorable name for all of u niall s actually the cutest.rt 200606net preview 170430 lax nct127 haechan rt adf_middleeast potd april recap - our photographer work hard to capture story of youradf on ophighroad opokra opmanitou just up on the review blog - travelling with india s best adventure tour operator - via shareaholici vote for my lovely boy bts_twt for top social artist bbmas btsbbmas  _chanelmoore bilenasunshine tarynn_ congratulations bi can t lie for nickiminaj to be wearing h amp m that dress wa bomb afrt alston2008 wow. wow. wow. wow. wow. rt lets_tweet01 if your man loves to go down on you while having sex this is what it means. rt drakemoon awp hyper beast giveaway -follow retweet -go -go -what wa your b rt glambamn when ya friend drag you to a party you didn t wanna go to and now you overdressed and annoyed. metgala rt chelseaclinton 1 word answer slavery. longer when andrew jackson died in 1845 16 yr before the civil war began he owned 150 rt wikiguido marx engels lenin stalin chant communist at the march mcdonnell spoke at today rt andrewti uh maybe everyone should be in a strong fucking union and have good health care rather than racing to the bottom rt ffv951230 i m voting bts_twt for the top social artist awards btsbbmas please tweet or retweet this together we will winrt textsbook life is better when you have someone special to share it with.call me baby call call me baby..rt caspar_lee i wonder if slow hands is about someone having a bad golf swing and niall just roast them in his new song rt sakura_sakura1 i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas let s win this for the team rt sujeongist jyp everytime woollim announces lovelyz s comeback date rt parkjamjam_kr i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas bts zzang jimin zzangwith aisha pic  tuanglows again lmao i vote bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmas hypy13 telnet possible telnet attack from 45.33.15.6 rt smolfluffysoo can u believe cbx ended exo rt yoongilicious_b iam voting bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmas such a cutie piee new music wangechi teams up with tanzania s damian soul in above the bass rt jediborns i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award heyyrt innuocent i m voting for arianagrande for top social artist bbmas arianabbmasrt mami_dre someone play me imessage gamei vote bts_twt for bbmas top social artist at the btsbbmas bogoshipdaart urfaav lizettemaciel happy birthday girl ghost rider is set to return on marvel s agents of s.h.i.e.l.d. season 4 finale  dcexaminer jarrett is an enemy of the american ppl. she got wealthy off the back of poor slum lord in chicagort independent beer a better pain relief than paracetamol study say our foldable signature waistbands pant that grow with baby. convenient essential rt metgala2017 wow rihanna metgala waaiitt till y all see my cute little chocolate boo this summer rt bleacherreport don t reach young blood. uncledrew even if allah give me another 7 year i will still do the same thing rt tokengaijingame bethesdastudios we need you to help complete skywind or fold them into bethesda to help make an actual remake. rt wshhfans this man is back at it again i d rather they bring weed .. ijs.  3 jockey men s cotton brief rt hazel__ _dpettway that s how u bro lolrt exoglobal official 170502 sehun instagram update rt passionposts hold on to whatever keep you happy.rt donnachaffins suffering from neck amp back pain may is nationalposturemonth see how thepostureapp can help ad thepostureapp rt shelocdup being sexually frustrated is the devil.rt araslanian_ y all gotta stop coming to my city we don t want y all rt dxytona i remember when everybody talked shit bout cuh. played him like he a weirdo. that s why you gotta be yourself bc fo rt mam1clvt i m just .. pornstar reality wife rt taehyungpic i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt uppu_park61 i m voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas please rt you re my world hello4x tell me what you w  kayboadi hahaha lot wife6 month until the best day of the year rt shnp21 warning over distraction burglars in sovereign harbour via eastbournebuzzrt dinu_akshii thala trendsetter for a reason. hbdbelovedthalaajith vivegam verse of the day - proverbs 10 12 keep an eye on your interruption for the next few day - are you busy or productive alevelmindset matterchoice rt hyped_resonance yeah that s papajohns lol thanks a bunch for the wonderful review on amazon the book is still for free until the 3rd of may. freebook rt prozdkp alright i need a new iphone game to destroy my life gimme your recsrt mclissefandomph hit like and leave comment. ig grab mychosdotcom mclisse atnatasha sleepy rt dennisgurnik greetings ipob please restore biafra with chiukwu okike abiama only he is the father of ipob family. that esv jawn tho. 5 1 17 bonifacio hosmer power the royals to a win rt ed_miliband strong amp stable gov 1 2015 pm resigns manifesto shredded scottish independence threat election called man buy shed. rt justscarlette _swagg_suave tunewitheli once i own a soul it s mine my visit jonehhboi ayexchey ieahbaby bbykiannz battiemejadin your visit i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist. reflectionthese are the most creative and funniest responses to a wrong number texts rt baengtaned_ i vote bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award one hundred sixteen - firert massconcrete its all in the detail - rt 7balda visiting nasa back in the americasgp  jennygacy i wa watching a friend play it and it looked so cute.. i love.. the protagonist..rt sodamntrue things zendaya did that metgala please rt interiordesign homedecor decoration a mini gooseneck for the patio it s been 13 year since alturki wa taken from his wife and kids. it s time for them to be reunited. alturkiparole  dr_namita_sinha quit meaningfulrt taehyungpiics i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas taehyung s nail rboystudio is there a place where i can buy your illustration rt ovopurple if jaden smith went to loyola he d have been nicknamed box rt rapmon_ph don t forget to stream bts mvs on youtube. listen to their song on spotify itunes if you have. tweet till u reach a 1 for further inquire senyokken metgalakurucu yomhaatzmautemre 1may s metgala _ rt snowberrytae i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award bts will become the 1st korean group to win at bbma rt you  fuhai800 grabby hands gimmeert kateoneil75 the earth doesn t belong to u we belong to the earth.am i wrong btsbbmashey cinderella go find yourself a fellart urban_teacher don t find fault. find a solution.since way back teenage fever best i ever had rt syiphe tattoos of rose  kultovkristofer fneal1231 ..and i say it is considered rude to carry on a conversation in the time line. please use dmi got some baked chicken and angel hair pasta in the fridge. emotionally rt mike__2ff on the news - cello_2ff official music video rt hollykirkhamm dolanlusts tishdolans10 ethandolan graysondolan gorgeous rt midlandofficial we will drink to that rt cindvia_jkt48 hello goodmorning if a nigga don t wanna help me i do shit on my own. i got my own money.. way more than these rap noggasrt natgnab13 bbmas bts_twt i swear if they will win the world will cryrt juli3brooks i can t wait to see this beautiful lady on the season 3 of wag i m so excited thebarbieblank north korea say us bomber flight push peninsula to brink of nuclear war  saintinan a_ofanon that asshole ha been pissed at me for a while. he is a joke. i say good riddance. most have h rt jackmiddleton_1 when superdry just isn t quite enough today is our one year anniversary a a company. thank you to all our fan supporter and patrons. we love you.rt acowanart joaneardley a sense of place natgalleriessco an inspiring collection of work loved this exhibition so much on rt nerdypoc okay but these look metgala rt iamdo2dtun if only a bowl of nigerian jollof rice is on the coat of arm maybe it will bring unity. we are so united when we defend  imactuallywes it make me so happy when youre active i love you hanging out with an old friend eating pizza talking about conspiracy . best way to end the nightrt jinjjarevil what is going on why is seokjin punching the life out of taehyung omo this will be my death rt mrym_nvd bbmasvotes2017 i vote for bts_twt for top social artist for the bbmas btsbbmas all freakin set for edc rt chandorkar just a reminder pmoindia sir. will keep reminding u after each amp every attack coz u ve forgotten what u said before rt electron_style stop war stopwar worldofwar trance vocaltrance edm electronicstyle es sanderflamingi promise i m gone be so naturally in sync with my jawn that it make other people feel uncomfortablert salvesayson if you set your goal ridiculously high and it s a failure you will fail above everyone else s success. aldubxdtbylett boring day today rt bbmas rt to vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas rt notoriouscartel the pink la cap just restocked rt hardknock_shaun _taychico chief i got that rt benshapiro andrewjacksonwouldhave stopped the marvel civil war. very few people ask why iron man and captain america went to war.rt popcrave nicki minaj with selena gomez and the weeknd at metgala. what the cleptrt incredibleindia chardhamyatra involves trek to four prominent hindu religious site in uttarakhand namely yamunotri gangotri k rt lindaikeji photo layal tinubu at her baby shower rt maggiiesawyer thing we got -maggie scene -maggie dragging kara -flo s acting -maggie scene -forehead kiss -maggie -hand holding rt findombrooklyn true alpha wait patiently knowing you re mine perhaps long before you relize it youself you will cave rt nicolasturgeon robmcd85 petermurrell it s total rubbish. the snp is not taking anyone s bus pas away - and labour know it. it rt rani22_usha 7 affairs donald trump has had with mexican women rt mrlukowski another stage article in which some white guy fret about diversity  ball cop sexfilms sexygirls hillary brotherfucking hentai vibrator rt mysarahvv rt if ya love bangtan i m voting for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmaseveryone ha their cute prom pic a their avis and then there s me rt pinoy_quotes train yourself to find the blessing in everything.rt inejalina screaming lala having ring on every finger but one wish i wasn t such a fucking disappointmentrt tbhjuststop how annoying is it when you send a message that make perfect sense and the reply is what what do you mean what fucking rt greggrunberg honored to premiere sonsofobiwan film hero saturday live 10am-6pm during our 8-hour netathon for epilepsy this is my first time seeing them ever and i m gonna make it special no matter whatrt d_ham71 normanikordei i am so proud of your mental amp physical toughness you never complain or make excuse but fight for rt melw__ barbieboy02 prettyboy_dreas i be ugly tho idc idc trinidad hardcock gipsy spanking virtual xx piercing surrey -- gt rt atheasshole_ you gotta be this extra with your shorty yea dat thirty three i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardi choose to vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award for the year btsbbmasrt normaferrie magsnews independent perhaps mrs may or any other tory could donate a strong and stable diet to the foodbanksrt vavanillah so many plan yet so poorrt ubengbieber pray justinbieber for top social artist at the bbmas justinbbmasrt verifieddaniela president realdonaldtrump wa right to not attend the correspondentsdinner medium is failing and they are a disgrace mclisse atnatasha se a lua toca no mar i vote bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmmas jamessreality carolinelucas if i buy a car from a crooked salesman i somewhat insist on re-visiting the situation i humbly.. reply rt majorpoonia highly prof armies never rape goat n run parchun dukan you declined to accept mortal remains of ur soldier  givebloodnhs it saddens me jeremy hunt sold the blood amp transfusion service. my rh o- blood not for profit it s to  music paul golian seasoned folk music rt jypetwice twice signal 2017.05.15 6pm twice signal  alinwhathefuck mocha frappe the catrt vanzmercado delavinkisses rehearsing yesterday.. fact she learned playing the harp in a week rawtalent rt ahealthblog the healthy oil the vitamin c and e combo in avocado help to keep the skin nourished for our economy i m voting arianagrande for top social artist at the bbmas arianabbmasenter the usslc 5k mother s day giveaway salman evicts priyanka jagga bigg boss 10 weekend ka vaar  bodielive jon_cafc_ cafcofficial didn t king crimson have a hand in the exorcist score rt kennyboyslay who is going to win bbmas backed it rt djkingassassin great choice 1 of my favs cuzzo rt bjp4india bjp national president shri amitshah will address bjp state council meeting today at 3 pm in lucknow up. get upda  pattymo and cena announced it on ppv..this whole thing is a work brother really can t wait to be back in sart filmagraphy ferris bueller s day off 1986  classycassie26 or text mo and make her tell you about her bad decisiony all know now rt teeqo dad hat are back in stock again rt abramjee blocked or unblocked by sapoliceservice i will continue to support amp criticize them. i will highlight the good and rt ddiamond kimmel cry blast plan to repeal aca protections. no parent should ever have to decide if they can afford to i am voting for justin bieber for top social artist at the bbmas. justinbbmas goort meninisttweet 2 chainz is a national treasure that we must protect at all cost rt omgreys11 many flashback in my head now sarahdrew justinbruening indivisiblemovie 2017 matthew taylor and april kepne rt buzzfeed this woman tied her hoodie s head sleeve to her husband s hoodie s face-hole just posted a photo rt noswaggt you mean to tell me neither one of these people are justin beiber rt rnbjayr i wa so happy to hear how passionate imdanielpadilla is about opm. im excited to see how this guy build his musi  sh4m33n tf did i do rt aunt_potato_ rt plz i m looking for standing e ticket on 5 7 in manila. if you have extra dm me please  queenofsass i miss talking to you i feel good when i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awards.rt taejikook_ cultkwon bbmasvotes2017 bts_twt i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas you don t know my h why why whyrt graceallenz teal and coral nikes rt tarsemchanana gurmeetramrahim derasachasauda foundationday many many heartiest congratulations guru paadinghy wheel via islebuyrt jessicapaiget rt ipfconline1 the landscape of location-based data infographic bigdata cloud sensors smartcity healthcar rt commonfangri if you follow me on twitter and you know me in real life just remember one thing what go on twitter stay on twitterplease don t act like you care now when you never did in the first place you re only wasting your own timert banapplee i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award reject rejection i wa always to much.. i m actually going to study byert textsbook i m really good at making plan and then not wanting to do them when the time comes.rt quakes98 dj khaled ft justin bieber quavo chance the rapper and lil wayne  calph5sos156 do u do rtsrt sfwarriorsfan watch this. minaabb rt bongomuffing oh by the way guys. we know we found you here and stuff but god say you guy are sinning and will go to hell smh stop t hate missing my dad. yeah he belongs in prison but damn it s shitty.rt btsforthebbmas5 namjoonssmile_ jeff__benjamin bts_twt bogo shipta i vote for bts_twt at the bbmas btsbbmasugghh disney give me life mychildhood  adult naked bubble as tit milf supergirl drunk orgy pic rt musicmeetfans collaboration is what make music tangible for creatives at all levels. wheremusicbegins rt diddy i wa getting tired so i laid down on the stair metgala taekook i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. btsbbmas rt trevellanderson la la soon to not be anthony came ready metgala rt jackj you re different. you re worth fighting for. mistypuree you re back i hope all is well i have missed seeing your tweet on my timelinert worldandscience science fiction becoming reality rt lemonwaien12 i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award. beginbts music check comfy bed check vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award check.rt humor_daiiy crazy  rb87700 amymek i thank the same thing about mormons. what are you going to prevent that rt jeonsmirks let s remember jungkook hates losing i vote for bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmasrt snehgumede athletes are celebrated for athleting.. musicians celebrated for making music why shouldn t father be celebrated for bein it s release day for the lies within via janeisaacauthor dhivyadharshini dd any other best saree shop dear his family is waiting for him alturkiparole blanes boot latex peehole female popular titty teen putimami camgirls rt 1942bs never forget cher s iconic 1974 met gala look rt yoondoojoon14 blood sweat amp tear of you we vote bts_twt in top social artist award this year. bts win btsbbmas bbmas workbee_nl thanks for following me i can t.rt armynation_tm 2016 billboard twitter vote rules they accepted the word award bbmas rt gingermumblog sharp suit and wedding look for the boy this summer.. lfwm wedding weddinghour rt rani22_usha emily ratajkowski talks about being a sex symbol and reveals her thoughts on trump rt dailynialipics i adore him rt rtenews just 8 day after running the london marathon laura graham wa the 1st woman over the line at belfast today. she a rt nissanusa perfect dimensions. omgtr nissangtr r35 nexusautobroker rt radnature wanna travel to every beach possible this summer  notevenalison 4 day baby xxthere ain t no good chain gang bar girl phuket patong rt imdprk i don t want to waste my tear my eye r filled wth anger nd we want only badla nd badla if u have not courage resi rt jinjjarevil what is going on why is seokjin punching the life out of taehyung omo this will be my death rt k_taylor88 you can t see it but she ha an earpiece in and rihanna is behind her feeding her credit card number through a tin hot teen cutie candy spreading and rubbing her fuckable round arse take time to listen.lmfao literally all i do here is rt stuffhow to jump 122 position to page 1 in google in 60 day here we are again to bring you casestudy seostrategiesrt mjcathy24 dear mainedcm amp aldenrichards02 thank you for all your hard work. pero sana matulog muna kayo after eb. aldubxdtbylet rt rani22_usha emily ratajkowski talks about being a sex symbol and reveals her thoughts on trump rt rani22_usha emily ratajkowski talks about being a sex symbol and reveals her thoughts on trump  joshuadun miss u love u ur da bombrt jackposobiec what doe antifa mean by this the lenovo k5 note is perfect for you a it come with a fast fingerprint scanner. buy here gt gt rt myangel_mark93 happy b-day boy happybambamday youngandrichbambamday rt donnypangilinan thanks star magic amp kisses for making me part of your 18 rose and the bonus of being ur escort sa start haha that rt rabbitboy96_th mwave exclusive photo card - honeymoon 1st fanmeeting goods sunyoul up10tion rt chiefkeith94 billy1804 that s a home cooked meal mane your girl cooking for you while most people out here having sleep for din  jiminskittles_ bts_twt owkes hahaha listen to.spring day i vote bts_twt for bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasfind russian girl for marriage i got a great relationship. i can t wait to tell all my follower around the world i m alive and real.rt moonlitchai my happiness rt inpacerequies girl are you the commander in chief cause you just activated my launch sequence.rt unbleachedkpop this is so adorable  paulaabdul spikelsb jennaldewan this is why i laugh when critic say that paula still got it .. paulaabdul nev win a facetime with britt and i liveme sydney siegel rt ward03192300may mayward growinginlove rt christinemaegaa just one day i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award. good day this is my vote for bts_twt for the year btsbbmas top social artist award c820820 dopurun that s so rude i am not a degeneratei love rap monster vote for bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmasrt gummytorius retweet this because we love shawnmendes amp he deserves to win top social artist bbmas shawnbbmas 1k retweets pl  satirizada fucking hobbitrt billgates i recently had a chance to catch up with one of india s best-known entrepreneur philanthropist and thinker rt smallchittaphon the four horseman of the apocalypse  dafbama2017_girlsgeneration mr. mrall wcw amazing 4ever heart. b1039radio please play stillgottime by zaynmalik feat partynextdoor thank you hangulptbr jeehgotjams bixo deu um nervoso li errado i m voting for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt chrisevans i can t like this enough. beautiful.  guyverhofstadt all you do is confirm why we are best out of your centralised arrogant super fascist statert poemsandthongs this pic make me sad rt lala unbreakable metgala rt sluggernation we re giving one away so you can swing away. rt to enter. prime917 giveaway rt blxcknicotine i m wondering how is it living in singapore expensive. living in sg is so expensive.rt plz_connecting . bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist. even though i know i drink the poisonous holy grailnot the best of spirits.. rt amandacarpenter wh in chaos. congress not passing bills. fox news imploding. heritage in shatters. are we having fun yet when doe it rt msteaupax i hate small talks. get to ur point. tf you want rt girlposts blake lively and ryan reynolds are goal af rt bbmasvotes2017 bts ha hit a milestone of 15m vote at the 2017 btsbbmasi will vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awards everyday. kassidy_drake yes yes woohoo thats what im talking aboutrt jinjjarevil i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas i hope bangtan gets invited amp perform they be snat 867 981 visitor without google. here s how.. gt 15 41 adelleandshaffieonkiss independent candidates mainaandkingangi brekko truthfmdawnbreak 2017 5 2 09 32 eatrt marizle20 my mum ha a salad and peppersoup bar. very affordable delivery within ikeja is free pls rt thank rt maichrdx ang init be pretty mo mainedcm mainedcm dtbysetitfree rt vainglory continue posting your best clip using vainglory amp halcyonclips for a chance to win epic amp for a chance at a rar rt thedailybeast watch jimmy kimmel s tear-filled plea for obamacare after his infant son nearly dy  primeknit ay winnur.. i just want to say from the bottom of my heart .. pambihira naman ohrt pastelminmin 18. do you know mianhae saranghae yongseohae i vote for bts bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt thefemalerelate when you accidentally send the screenshots to the person you screenshotted  arroba_dan siareiros centolosdocelta tromso first lady melania trump reportedly reaching h.. realdonaldtrump flotus rt s8n why fear death when life is the one that mistreats you rt beckybbyy i m so turnt right now rt boomboxcartel fuck a set time kill the stage.rt got7thaisub flight log turbulence monograph 2 3 it s a skintight bodysuit with large rounded covering on the lower arm and leg and typical superhero brief i ll be glad when my car is paid off rt hijaabi__ beautiful people don t always have beautiful hearts. but people with beautiful heart are always beautiful.rt boxingkingdom14 aj v wilder past 5 opponents comparison wilder molina duhap szpilka arreola washington aj whyte martin br rt justjaredjr the kiss the smile.. selenagomez is happy another successful specialist appointment. does this make me sound like i m sick i m not. not really. my body ha some issues. fixing em rt jsttine developing some film tomorrow rt blaircaldwe11 normanikordei amp iamvalc perfect and highest score tonight 10 10 10 10 dwts teamvalmani  reading historian timothy snyder it s pretty much inevitable that trump will try to stage a coup and overth teen ladyman bonks with stranger rt aegimarklee look at marklee gorgeous hair i miss it so much.. n i miss markten n jaemin huu parentals i m watching maymay now mayward growinginlovert anjimined retweet if u think bts_twt deserve to win the top artist award fighting btsbbma btsbbmasrt fanatic_got7 i love him so much and i love his personality. he always work so hard and give his best in everything. rt carmelsagafp dytermination firm or fixed intention to achieve a desired end. our lady spikers are woman of courage and determ  aub new 52-week highrt diddy i wa getting tired so i laid down on the stair metgala  earthsangels11 stalker i m afraid for my life rt mannymua733 what a wonderful father even you give me that price tag i ll make sure that you pay it  imdrmunaf meet shahrukh khan read this for mondaymotivation gt rt billgates i had the opportunity to meet with many gifted people this year. i hope they inspire you a much a they have me.. rt btsbbmas challenge this tweet reach seven thousand retweets vote i vote for bts_twt in bbmas for top social artist award. btsb state govt under the leadership of shri manohar lal ha released rs. 2413 cr. for compensation to farmer krishikrantiharyanado you know i hate snakeu i m voting for for bts_twt for bbmas top social artist award.google amp what are the benefits of implementing zadroweb mobile seort asmitamadhu wishing together happybirthdaythalaajith with shalini ajith happybirthday thalaajith thalaajithbday mayday rachel_bullock rt bangtanyoongl jin whats the worst thing abt throwing a party in space nj what j u have to planet i vote bts_twt for top social ar i am voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award 84rt marklevinshow bill shine forced out. meltdown at fox a rupert murdoch effectively turn the reign over to his liberal son .. rt esmeararesa whenever i see haka being performed it move me to tears. baby haka is even more pure and beautiful. rt nylavox what you need to know about orion and the ancient alien gods of egypt via youtubei m to stingy rt tariqterry pas it on rt kidolsrglasses bambam got7 youngandrichbambamday rt simmy_ray come through lala  nowplaying jordan t jordantmusic sunset tonight mauirt redragdolly come and follow me on google and keep yourself updated about my workshop readnlead radioweb unknown - lp - other people.mp3 unknownrt blaccbrry the princess is here siennaa this beat is automaticsupersonichypnoticfunkyfresh 3 years 8 months 18 days 5 hours 17 minutes russiagate nottheenemyrt lucas_wyrsch this dubai startup s patented technology has stirred up delivery services in the middle east  walter calmer than you are. dude would you just take it easy walter calmer than you are. teambreezy just realised that grassaintgreener is not on the album lolrt itsgreyshumor only true grey fan remember this  ronasia_xoxo i don t have any wydrt rhymestyle lightskinyagami youtube lmao nah just playing. drt ignooyym i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas supportinggrt moneymakingmyah how i m tryna be this summer rt janeisparrish beauty rt myoongi_0309 i voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award namjoon attracts you w out even trying. he instantly make rt empirii eled beast mode today crushed 3c closed 4c smashed 52wk hi owcp dtii mydx mcig ntfu bvtk mmex chit film rt mckgrill would you like to work at the hottest new restaurant in essex we re recruiting at mck grill find out more rt dreadfulendings teamtage 14 tomorrowrt meaw_patt boyfriend justinbbmas dkromidellis ethandolan graysondolan sleepydoian nashgrier tanamongeau daviddobrik zane todderic_ thanks bitch the pussy grabbers were an elite part of george washington s army they fought at the battle of cat hollow. trumpteacheshistory midnighti vote bts_twt for bbmas for top social artist awardway too hard omg i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award. rt hyper_rpg our patreon is live thumperfam let s keep leveling up and making kickass content together rt geniusfootball the greatest player to never win the champions league. visit our store click the link wupplescars exoticcars ferrari lamborghini rt notanna damn it s may 1st already what s next may 2nd fuck everythingi vote for bts_twt for the 2017 bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt soreiatable my friend take these picture for me me rt toomeywright lollyexpert mloparis cpyne birmo five go off to camp will probably be replaced with five go off to act effem  nowplaying jordan t jordantmusic sunset tonight maui baleheadmaria you would also need to add vanilla to overcome the slight saltiness of it.you can find someone else but you re still minebts v i vote bts_twt for btsbbmas for top social artist awardrt youngdems4trump this video brought tear to my eyes. i love you all so much. please share this thank you thank you thank you south king county professional firefighters are currently responding to a aid call. glen park apts 952 sw campus dr federal way.2017 is really flying.rt scyber577 me make a joke on mr modi sends to my frnds them sends me 5pages of an essay on how he ll make india great rt cardiffonline call to build giant dragon sculpture in cardiff rt smokingskills_ spineless rt jedi_pite_bre chinese buyers opting for bigger cars a wealth rise don t need a rap check to flex 50k periodi vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award army always support bts btsbbmasrt l0veali can t sleep rt jody_houser tonight i officially had the lowest roll ever in vastrpg with a -3. on the plus side i blew up a tank vast2elections for shapes leadership is now open cast your vote before may 8 visit rt monday516 mainedcm leaving the brgy. nice to have you here in noveleta balik ka ha aldubxdtbylettinggo horny teen take turn to lick pussy rt traviewilliams and they all on the freeway. rt fermatslibrary the flowave is a wave tank capable of duplicating wave condition anywhere in the world. here you can see a concent i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award i need yourt anhjmp96 i just for bts_twt top social artist at btsbbmas. armys fighting  gamer_of_hope_ because love is not live anymore rt alexluci1408 updatevotes i just back from the dinner and im so proud of the army i m voting for bts for the top social ar our business stay our business . no matter what sensitive brunett babe trying double i cast my vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas this year top social artist awardrt elainemcclune what a goal from emre can last night. well played liverpool for taking advantage of weekend results. i wa expecting yo rt musicchoice voting btsbbmas go behindthelines of the not today video with bts_twt exclusively on our app rt taymasterchef sit on my face a a friendrt thejikookie_ph its too early to brag about the gap of the votings. stay humble. i am voting bts_twt for bbmas top social artist awa rt bbmas rt to vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas rt bts_spotify btsbbmas if anyone asks who is bts please direct them to the bts s wikipedia page. it help with social 50 cha  alturkiparole time let his family jiminupdates bts_twt go to the carnival with jungkook i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas bbmasrt carlilloyd i suggest you stop complicating this and creating controversy when there isn t any and ask patrick or myself what t analgirl pic  cloakzy ninja_tb h1z1kotk old jump old jump old jump old jump old jurt _blackstyles protect niall at all cost i m voting for bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmas rt for jimin s cute small hand  houston nudelive cumslave twink title undressing believe rimming party porno you re my hope btsbbmas you re my hope btsbbmas you re my hope btsbbmas rt seijishingens look at these outfit beautiful just beautiful rt bangtanitl billboard music awards posted a photo of bts a a nominee for top social artist on instagram. rt imactuallywes i m so fucking lucky. most of the time it doesn t feel real bc i don t always get why me but when it feel real i c finally got to see the new season of doctor who. so far i think it is the best season in years. nasa has made it official that they are sending humans to mars amp we can t contain our .. marrt lumilkovich i saw fiona bouncing on a stranger s dick but i never saw ian and mickey making love this sound like complete bul yeah my leg is fuckedrt taran_adarsh baahubali2 includes imax theatre in india north america australia middle east africa. india imax 334 00 2 rt btsestacion billboard bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist. dope i work everyday when everyone else is clubbi my vote go to bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awards.rt singaporepython youngandrichbambamday is at top know the hourly top trending videos. visit rt morrisonmoving morrisonmoving thanks 4 connecting with u reathapruneda1 stacey50720102 christinedemar zachnelsonmusic 2xblacksh rt jtimberlake hey guys.. it s may.rt indiatodaytech .whatsapp pin chats feature to help you keep important chat in sight 3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me automatically checked by he look so unenthusiastic like i m mad y all find this ugly as dancing entertaining but y all are feeding me so rt drivethruyou say and elisse mclisse atnatasha reasons for shopping cart abandonment ecommerce rt vshock1230 i vote bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist art bobongquotes everybody make mistake nobody is perfect. b i am voting for justin bieber for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote justinbbmas bieberbbmasmove tf on ughreos moexlethug mechedoe1 oh yeah da what i m sayinssh attacked from 62.210.7.161 in fr france rt britneydortiz we just spent a hour looking for her. amateur hostle may day carnage havoc across europe a protestors clash with police in violent scene via newtimesrwandart stonerock991 sexy jasmine jae takes 2 big loads i m worried about will toledort jiminupdates . bts_twt who wa your very first bias in bts i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmasrt afp canada defense minister harjit sajjan face call to resign for overstating his military record during india visit rt shawtyyprettyy people come and go  lovethatnicole starehypy12 telnet possible telnet attack from 221.214.183.173 don t make your whole life some safe haven because of someone opinion or judgement hurt who you are otherwise it really will kill yourt daphnevarte i cast my vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas to win top social awardi m sorry because you re not happy. because i said i love you but i can t make you happy niels9001 i don t think so. neon is more about refining mdl2.i completed daily quests and received incredible reward trade naked selfies with girl in your area rt carlyhenderson_ some of you are saying tweet w pic don t count so just in case.. i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artis rt livechonews manchester united fan turn down the s n in classy gesture to support scouse friend rt iamblackbear shoulda listened to me back thenrt maywardarticle please check these photo via mor1019 fb page. mayward growinginlove rt joongkiarchive one of the top bromance in kdramaland rt jeonsmirks i love compliment pt. 1 lebron to pay jones fine for trash-talk t s -  purifydolans ethandolan graysondolan gpinksnapback aww thank you but your gorgeous haluvrt ridingyoonmin i am shookened to the core this should be on every damn magazine rt iafsite for the full independence day flyover time visit our hebrew website gt gt gt rt alieyanatasha hi sephora 20 sale is happening again from 4th-7th may. dm me if you need a personal shopper. penang-based. no se a if the controversy wa 100 i feel like we could frame this differently amp 0 i dont want my kid thinking gay people are normal i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award wonhae manhi manhirt jungkookcokr i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt flyspicejet no more excuses. shop at amp send your entry for movelikebieber singlikebieber for all u know this could be the difference between what u need and what u wanna be ashimdevnath1 i made course about making money online .. just check my last tweeti ve had the worst dayrt team_samw the padaleckis looking cute in gen s bro wedding love their outfit rt davidmackau trump ha literally abolished a program called let girls learn done for today .. tq guy .. luv u so much .. picnic pasirtengkorak swag life langkawi  nasablueshift 11th tkc science article - psychology know thyself amp others too . a self-awareness experiment rt saiahz guys don t like saying it but with the right woman showing u love this is a major weakness. rt soiitaere i m voting for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist btsbbmas 82rt heavenlynamjoon billboard yes billboard acknowledge them i m voting for bts_twt for top social artist btsbbma bbmaswhen i do wrong baby make me feel ittiff_mac12mcco premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart bigisii i m sorry i m sorry my sister btsbbmashello  pirate girl porn witchcraft nude  abhigya73 sritianne sudhasba jkkerona41087 aishamehra11 very nice sus_teejay lmao how often u on here rt woridstarcomedy 1 year of college will change you more than 4 year of high school ever could bbmas bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for bbmas top social artist award. kaarrenn bitchharryy pls follow mee ily lt 3 harry_stylesi m voting for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist awards btsbbmas sugart jingerbell_ twelve vote justinbbmasrt manutd have a good one becks new post facebook ceo dinner host say he s not running for president rt prizxillas couldn t find a man to accept me for prom so i took a college that did harvard2021 prom2k17 rt jeonsmirks rheaunnie bts_twt canada_bts oh shit that would be awesome i vote for bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmastrust me it s work rt vlonegawd why takeoff look like someone just asked him the dumbest question ever . shawnmendes name of ur country i vote for shawnmendes for top social artist bbmas shawnbbmashow rare happiness is we never know it until it ha gone.he outta there lolmillionth do you like leather money that smell millionth do you lying liar i need to stop showering this late neilsworkbox i just want you to know how lucky you were to get the handle. i will follow you blindly from here till death. wwepaybackwhat wa this lindsayarnold d_ross3 this was epic fun awesome so cool ursecretdream sexy cam this is my vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas award for the top social artist of the yeari can t help but sing the krusty krab pizza song every time i get pizza rt sprinklesomefun get your coupon now at amp score a pouchwin with the smart flow spout. you ll love it ad h i m voting bts_twt for the top social artist awards btsbbmasloving you everyday.. couple inlove perfect teamo villa del i vote selenagomez a top social artist at the bbmas selenabbmas roundtiff_mac12mcco premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagalike bitch had friend who lied to her daily and always blew her off but that wa never a problem for her.view blog - konect health rt budesumiyati suram rt kyaukhaadlega when you are both the waiter and the bride at a wedding. rt gunowners will the school now ban the baseball team s photo since blunt object kill 2x more than so-called assault weapon im just doing random stuff now i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt qxvvnbella hell ya i ll be ya girl and ya plugrt salvesayson the greatest smile will collect the greatest friend and the happiness you share will surely return to you. aldubxdtb i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas 5rt bbmasvotes2017 bts ha hit a milestone of 15m vote at the 2017 btsbbmasand the last tweet i hope kpop stans everywhere are voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas rt nowthisnews this shrinking car make parallel parking easier than ever rt bby_sseong i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasbrexit election where we have a choice between the tories burning our house down or labour using slightly le powerful kerosinert dankmemes you mess with da croco you get da glocko  feline_fatale_ bruce wa heavily shocked when he saw a young little girl enter selina s apartment. he giggled when george harrison - my sweet lordrt oyerjalok another surprise by jattu himself gurmeetramrahim jesurprise jetshirt jattuengineer insan_honey i have the greatest friend and i am grateful every day.rt thegainfactor follow everyone who retweets this rt projetoojbieber we support bizzle all time justinbbmasgolden peach labradorite pendant sterling silver pendant mandanastudios peachlabradorite i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas. btsbbmas bangtan. young forever day version.rt yourhobi wait for me btsinmanila rt vegettamyall updatevotes heey i vote bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmasrt girlposts rihanna slays metgala every year rt bestofanimalls look at that sweet smile beauty amp spaces brunch is on this sunday at only ugx 80 00. call 0774499731 to book your ticket definitely not rt aestheticclips the perks of being a wallflower 2012 new video guy sex mom video rt alvinmufflersac bmw striking fear into employee about upcoming electric future listening to bemshi dubway mix on listen nowplayingrt yxngforever jamzldn it s all mad i ve been watching sad video on facebook and cry for like an hour now. idk what s happening to menever get too comfortable .i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas you never walk alonei ll probably be thinking about this for the next 5 week weather is looking good for tomorrow fatladattheback social ride stockton. sign up via link see you there rt harrisjofficial it completely blank him and give him no munch so poor old harris will have a very late lunchwomen s free people ombre foil lace fit flare blackberry spring summer dress 98 fashion round neck slimming color block spider-man print short sleeve polyester t-shirt for i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas jeon jeong-gukrt arrypottah the finest school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world.. i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt goodburrito lmaoo twitter think farrah moan from ru paul s drag race is christina aguilera at the met gala and i am here for  internetalena i liked that on accident.rt raquel_jong quatorze i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist awardthe time it take me to move on depends on a lot lolrt brooksbeau i like what you have you have everythingrt hdhighresporn .europstars r_sidney_v nakedsex69 picatoys yagizin_yeri bjobsforeverxx mostlybjs sx6yy erotik_c  pawil5 that s when you know your a collingwood fan lol i missed out on carlton and pie 7 9rt day_angelus i m a yg stan but i ll support bts all the way btsbbmas ionlyshow happy birthday have a fabulous dayrt disneywords cheer up child. it ll turn out all right in the end. you ll see. mrs.potts beauty and the beast rt thescienceofus there s a growing body of research suggesting that very vigorous exercise can help your brain a much a your body insane legal age teenagers pool sex party young macaroni boyz were gettin gully in pubg squad tonight. no win but i killed 2 kid with a pan. getpanned see you fool next time lt 3rt deadline_ebooks flinthook comert factsinyourface in cambodia they serve a pizza topped with marijuana and they named it happy pizza .rt galexander21 mcdonalds got rid of hi-c orange  veganwiki askitalian amazing zizis and bella italian too the world is changing rt papii_abz class metgala rt thcmoonman catch me at ikea arguing w them stupid as hat rt funkfiexmic why cleveland brown kill mask off like that great music retrobooks retrotoys vintagedecor thriftnstyle vintage rt apparelunit hate you 2 women jersey 10 off with code amy rt vivekagnihotri an eminent journalist is actually a failed journalist who is trying to be a successful politician but end up a a rich time to switch rt owssixth hmm..what do we know and want to know about the constitution let s host a constitutional convention to find out i m sure that bts is the winner. keep the faith i vote bts_twt for the top social media awards btsbbmasi vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas 79 strongpowerthanku rt wolfnweedstocks midnight wallstreetbuzz stockalert logg eled sing mmex mrnj mjna inmg mydx ntfu iddr hemp mcig pu jay_castro1 premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart yoongifleur updatevotes i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasi want to eat food qua youtubei really do think skymartinbrunt should be sacked by skynews shameonhim disgrace mccann why do periods exist jjst make me pregnantrt haggartyniamh getting called a good dancer is honestly the best compliment ever you know it all you re my bestfriend - taehyung bts_twt i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasi vote bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas boom panes. hahahaha spaceciallance --isnt the time to worry about it. he silently read try reached out for his blade that lay abandoned on the floor.rt dreamfoodz my dream market rt vapourgraves catch me pullin my tiddy out in sephora tryna match this shit rt landpsychology when you go to pet a dog and it growl at you  kurlsandklass what wa the theme this year rt sincerelytumblr straight fact  chrisrgun master chief doing a gear of war executionrt carolinelucas people should have final say on brexit agreement with option to remain in eu if they oppose the deal on offer rt meaw_patt never say never justinbbmaswhuu alr finished voting in both twitter and bbmas website imma just stream mv rt jennierations . bigpinkon ig live blackpink ros hindered the recording jennie bad rosie bad rosie lisa rosie pdea chief lape a personalities in illegal drug trade easily replaced treating drug addict will lead to lesser demand.rt cris_760 i honestly want to be in a relationship but ain t no one i click withrt johnfugelsang q. what s dumber than a potus who doesn t understand the civil war or how a bill becomes law a. his loyal voting base t rt wsj nintendo said it used aircraft to ship it new switch videogame machine in it first month on the market rt freezekookie i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas other than tweet have you voted bangtan with your facebook account  johnfromcranber and far right nazi who side with islamrt huntergold6 chelsea handler is posting nudes again . rt raindowmoon bbmasvotes2017 bts i vote bts_twt for the top social artist btsbbmasrt madjackrabbit a splatoon character in an f zero car on a zelda track in a mario game she just want to be savedrt cansumislik how iranian woman dressed in 1970s from old magazine before the islamic revolution rt 1973mackem great quote true safc redandwhitearmy als_fanzine rokerreport sunderlandred wearsideroar wearewearside rt repaynick dedicated to the worldvegetarianday etsy jewelry fashion giftideas style giftshop giftcard giftforher what we all want even sweeter by the nouve artist top40 nowplaying musicrt fcbdaily look what messi is doing.. he can do many more things. there s nobody like him 12 year ago today.. rise of leo rt bbmasvotes2017 the boy that are leading by a whopping 10m vote need your help to stay up. rt to vote for btsbbmas a top socia  amyschumer im the biggest lesbian to walk the planet. now i feel compelled to wear a like a virgin dress sprawl i am creative realtalkwitherika rtwefm promotion marketing socialmedia internetradio  jkt48tech buy1 get1 free fashionista.. yuk nimbrungrt b_more_horny shout out mission90k noahbensi honey_b69 real_girls6 babespromo2 hottesthunnies hottychix natuky85 yeah they talk that cuffing shit but still be with the shitrt twinkgloss i would pay 1m dollar to eat his as rt russdiemon i know you re mad but that s your problemrt heiiarelates i respect people who tell me the truth no matter how hard it is to acceptrt beyondit_0901 i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt heiiarelates i respect people who tell me the truth no matter how hard it is to accept bigtimebryson double negative got me mixed uprt btswithhearts i m voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award im at work an hour early wheres my manager she n rt jinxlp_ the most beautiful moment in life btsbbmasrt coreykathmann life imitates art life imitates art life imitates art life imitates art life imitates art life imitates art life im  oyerjalok gurmeetramrahim insan_honey msgalltrading itwingdss wowed jesurprisert atshower in alcohol s defense i ve done some pretty dumb shit while completely sober too.you must take personal responsibility. you cannot change the circumstance the season or the wind but you can change yourself. jim rohnrt ffv951230 i m voting bts_twt for the top social artist awards btsbbmas please tweet or retweet this together we will winrt kayye 16. lemon juice and baking soda will remove any cum stain from clothes i got youif you think you hurt my feeling you re wrong. i like getting high with alisha because she doesn t talk to me after we re already high lolrt ravikumaryadav9 its inspiring to see our jawans fighting terrorist but it too hard to accept that more indians died since2014 than e rt jiminbiack i love best vocal line sope i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt destroyingclips would you try this swing rt bangtanuae . bts_twt kkaepjjang armys let s burn this btsbbmas have you gone to the supermarket and purchased a bunch of kohlrabi in the past 6 monthrt myoongi_0309 . bts_twt i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas if you already voted 100x today then yo it s easy to start your own online business business startuprt davidbowie_news depeche mode are paying a touching tribute to david bowie by including their heartfelt cover of heroes on their c  fr_ezat quoted here i you to build a site out of demo version i have the default script of the site just need editing and fix p rt mylifeisselg w magazine via instagram metgala ed sheeran concert in london rt hotcheetothicc ice cream biter have no fears. they don t even fear god. ice cream biter are atheist  ari_si1va he aight rt meanpiastic things zendaya did that metgala rt jeonnath i wish i could love myself we love you i wish i could love myself we love you vote bts for top social artist at the bbmas rt unswaggedmuch i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas eighty onert nisalocally win a case of hardyswineuk celebrate our last wine fest nisamonday with u and rt follow to enter. t amp cs rt web_work_ mckayla maroney is showing us what sexiness she s been up to since the olympics  daretnzr eye wokert globalbts i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas army is rt rvawonk trump s attempt to revise history today is not an anomaly nor a distraction. it s a reflection of dangerously authoritarian t rt timeiapsevids beautiful spirograph rue89 on twitter rt sadhavi letstalkabouttrolls my piece on how are we ruining india s future by trolling amp faking it. probably finna smoke blunt then go to sleepi just got the most random burst of excitement at 1 42 am me and kjc7497 brought the house down singing here i go again on karaoke night tonight whitesnakei vote for justinbieber a top artist in the bbmas justinbbmas rt topsocialartist votes 02 05 2017 6 18 cest bts_twt 20.44.700 btsbbmas justin 3.481.299 selena 474.578 ariana 563.993 shaw this vote is for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award of the year army vnam always support bts btsbbmasi vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award kingi am voting for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award of the year btsbbmasthe fear you feel when your on the dart and your eye close for what feel like 10 minute but it wa really only second and you jump up rt kimdvniels y all so sick of u gassing rihanna but..there s no one else on par. she simply dismantles everyone every time rt lsababe someone ur eye r really red omg r u high me hah yea man narrator she had been cry all afternoonrt bts_bighit . bts_twt vote 2017 billboard music awards voting start soon bts vote bts_twt for bbmas top social artist rt realjheneaiko_ when skinny girl take off their pant rt iamsoffwilliams it is so hard to leave - until you leave. and then it is the easiest goddamned thing in the world.rt trashyforkpop we don t call jiyong king for no reason. rt snpsoosie this is important - it s not just bin amp street light it s sending a message to tory that scotland doesn t want seven goal for may and see how i did on april s resolution on bloglovin firstwestyorks this 607 service is so unreliable where wa the 7.37 from kipping lane to town  win amazon giftcard promotion sponsored by the_arielmarie enter here jung hoseok i m voting for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award stream tweet repeat rt daily_namjoon i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award. your bias is really happy at you for working so hard and  lronhusbvnds how did spencer end up in yours and not mine i m so mad rt beastialitae every rt count a a vote i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt 1janecia_ definition of low key is me amp everything i got going on lol .. you ll never know unless i speak on it to you .rt howie_dodat i put on for my city on for city put on put on put on put onrt howie_dodat i put on for my city on for city put on put on put on put onrt trapfuii jean that fit around your waist and your thigh are just not realisticrt ohhcami_ i m soo goofy and i can t stand that it s not funny shit.. bitch yes it is.rt drdavidduke strange how every major war started by people who said they were against human suffering unleashed the far greater human s rt pvtstars when she put perfect in her name she really meant it model credit perfectlexy rt tydeveau tweet storm over. i m going to bed. hopefully people come and see me for jackbox night. supportsmallstreamers gw8131 its gonna be the case anyway matesomeone go with me pleasee  nowplaying bottoms up by van halen the space between a perfect moment and the perfect moment. vancouver vancity 604now hellobc travel yolotrip rt lesbianult sidetosiut i vote for bts_twt in bbmas for top social artist award btsbbmasat what point do you start seeing breadrt pastelminmin 18. do you know mianhae saranghae yongseohae i vote for bts bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt chartsiovato bbmasvotes2017 lovatics are supporting bangtan boys i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt drlucyjones perspective folks. m3 quake happen in california every week. the only thing different is the number of people living on 1 month today until florida rt cartoonkeith janethevirgin dealing with real world news tonight because how could they not hereisgina yaelgrobglas jaimecamil i rt pietersehut i love her rt taehyungpiics i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award. i love a guy who love guccirt thedreamcioset every. single. year. metgala rt _lebzamokebe the fuckery moment when a person finds u happy and single begs u to be in a relationship with them just to stress one person unfollowed me automatically checked by that s not your mother rt huntergold6 amy schumer s recent naked photos were posted online today . rt huntergold6 amy schumer s recent naked photos were posted online today . if all go wrong just fuck her bestfriend assholetweetoftheday .whalien 52 i vote bts_twt in bbmas for top social arist award btsbbmasone person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me automatically checked by rt alexa_kim10 globalbts bts_twt i m voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award fighting rt softeunbis god it look so good  jeffeelme u mistake me for someone who know how to organizert huntergold6 amy schumer s recent naked photos were posted online today . rt neshanphoto hi harrisfaulkner and realdeancain great to see you both again at whca please post amp use on your tv show. i love rt huntergold6 amy schumer s recent naked photos were posted online today . rt arsvitas i would die for you  amprish_karthi i love youlip smacker disney tsum tsum lip balm duo chocolate chip dale kooky oatmeal cookie 2 count rt jiminspasteis after tweeting one hundred times per day go to the website and vote i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social art rt ppeachypie i vote bts_twt for bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas firert booksmsgs prayer is the most important conversation of the day.rt addyosmani es2015 modules just landed in chrome canary flip on experimental web platform feature to give them a spin. fe rt huntergold6 amy schumer s recent naked photos were posted online today . rt huntergold6 amy schumer s recent naked photos were posted online today . rt web_work_ melania trump - the first lady in our nude photo shoot i liked a youtube video beyonc - crazy in love super bowl dance cover by karel jech arjache remember sx stand for sux. rt web_work_ melania trump - the first lady in our nude photo shoot rt web_work_ melania trump - the first lady in our nude photo shoot rt chatthiy_a i vote bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas kim seokjin nxvgill picture book don t count nav..rt xixi200890 i am voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awards because they treat army a their family.rt bellaprincesa18 lilibodo c6padlyb6hdyuvg marisol224 a_t1dn kedmahelena1 xsweetdaniellex eehhorn sagirshaikh12 tatytm1dn rt nullphysical eve is so beautiful. rt web_work_ melania trump - the first lady in our nude photo shoot rt mxvpt look how happy walmart is look ain t everything  kelseyanne1214 your doing good kid i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award jung hoseoki voted for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award kim seokjin with blonde hair killed mert heinestate healthcare worker save when they buy or sell with the hein group visit for more informa rt narendramodi india amp turkey share good economic tie but there is immense scope to further deepen our business relation for the rt niggacommentary failed robbery when you thought you had the day off but remember you were asked to work in the a.m. there is nothing so convincing a the truth. i wish more politician would seek it.rt insecurtie when justin let the fan on the tour bus because he wa worried about them cant ffs doiangoat thankyou bby rt ten_gop just in white house eyeing sheriffclarke for homeland security post rt if you also think he deserves high rank open hour of littlenightmares are surprisingly dull in spite of the horrific imagery. hoping it pick up soon  jerejabonete happy birthday client rt msdeniceg how to calm down by may 21 all bts army would have tremors and nervous breakdown and chest pains and anxiety. hu i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas reflectionrt petstarr unbelievable.  shaiblack_ get a damn privacy screenrt fcbdaily video ronaldinho v real madrid during el clasico of legends.. he ran the game in history he run it today. are we just going to ignore the cd player in her hand the lie we live you need to watch this voting for top socia artist bts_twt btsbbmas lagafuainalexus update mai rt btsbbmas challenge this tweet reach six thousand retweets vote i vote for bts_twt in bbmas for top social artist award. btsbbm i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas 142if u wanna go to heaven grab my rt vexediy saw you at worst and still thought you were the bestnowplaying i donandapos t wanna cry - mariah carey 07 42rt nnswf round 4 southern pool ffacup kick off tonight amp tomorrow find the draw here to go and support your local team gt one person unfollowed me automatically checked by rt malaysiandude i m hurt but i never told you.rt digvijayism mvenkaiahnaidu homeforall mean physical home. 90k home buyer on dwarkaexpressway waiting from decade y govt. playing rt namjoonftafi taehyung is snatching heart real quick bbmas btsbbmas what is in the mind it come out a word and action no wonder why he failed a a historian . rt danisnotonfire godhateswinnie of course they re all just sequel to the origin storyrt mariaisabelsev wa cleaning my room w selena playing and then rt martinmartinllp bravo to our partner arevamartin on your cover autismparentmag and thank you for your advocacy for kid and famil rt le_bones nah asapferg s video is that feel i needed for summer 17. plus remy is spitting rt stuartlwallace west texas intermediate closes below key technical level more on theterminal via jessicaisummers oott it a landslide i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist music award btsbbmas 26my vote go to bts_twt for bbma s top social artist award btsbbma ssoft pink zip front coat- plus size size 1x fashion follow beautiful  dancing rose gold and rhodium plated sterling silver created white sapphire open hearts.. rt jinjjarevil i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas legend says if u vote 100 a day ur chances of meeti rt khanoisseur trump ha dragged republicans down with him gop at 40 approval 7 pt drop since january gop vouched for trump he rt booksmsgs prayer is the most important conversation of the day.is raven the girl stanley had an affair with  getwired when you re in london if you get a chance you should eat at pittcueco. it s superb.rt loretobgude why can t monkey speak vocal anatomy is not the problem aye on ma i look the same rt gotrice_101 drycleanmay late lunch chicken avocado and asian slaw salati rt jeff__benjamin i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt activist360 trump - i stand by nothing when the horror of the trump era come to an end this will be the most defining statement o tf is a promise rt happilyjeon i knew my feeling for you were real when i spent more time thinking about you than worrying about myself. rt myoongi_0309 i voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award we got everyone shook on how strong armys power isrt johnparker1988 ur only a crazy a ur biggest fanrt maddow have had lot of feedback and request for reposting our kara-murza interview from last night here it is thanks for all the people who hung out with me during my first affiliate stream totally want to stream more lt 3rt supersc33 i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas rt to vote btsbbmas j hope piersmorgan a much a i agree with you the poll is useless a people that follow the kardashians wouldn t watch this showrt bestsofjb sorry got me fucked uponee i vote for bts_twt for bbmas top social artist btsbbmasrt brndnwprsn gemini -.. -heartbreakers -usually confident a hell -social butterfly -voted most likely to cheat -lowkey love em -p how to pronounce digit digging rt rt jinjjarevil i vote for bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmas lmao we really broke them serveri wonder if eminem ever passed out while rapping in his early day rt insan_honey gurmeetramrahim guru pa thankyou for yet another surprise. now countdown ha become way more special with this ja rt comicbook icymi jeremy renner cast as doc holliday in new biopic - rt pcyhomethailand 150412 chanyeol at exodus fansign event sm coex artium cr. be my baby rt roughmagicme burgundy bracelet dark red gemstone poppy jasper semi precious stone copper be jetteam  76 i vote bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist awardrt salvesayson friends pick u up when we fall down. if they can t pick u up they lie down and listen for a while. aldubxdtbylettin in 2014 i will find 5 in an old vair of pants. bhis already happened so i m nailing the shit out of this resolution.rt findomgoddess01 how are all my loyal moneybanks doing findom paypig rt_slave_ rtpiggyy rtfeetrt gurmeetramrahim day2dssfoundationevent packed with rocking performance amazingly there seems to be no end to these delightful amp rt kgarea21 get your change 2 chainz kg sheed amp big ben get a look at 2chainz game in kgarea21 rt ogmike69 we got scared by a frog and so did my dog but he couldnt leave his toy behind lmfao  jiminjoah youre so cutert bbmasanalytics you re all soo wonderful for voting i applaud you vote bts_twt for at btsbbmas top social artist rt thepooluk we re hiring if you re looking for a paid editorial internship look no further  cam_millerr bilalb_official robruggio grandemourinho goal no dude this is racist my cuutiee  jinusbitches i edited it this is the original xd he updated his ig praising sac for their rr choreo cover 3 rt deiicasy how he treats you is how he feels about you. dont try to decode it or make excuses its simple. if he acts like he dont care rt actressanjjanaa wishing the man who inspires thousand of youth by his hard work and dedication a very happy birthday rt princesscandyxo my curve hypnotise you into submission rtdoms irtdomme rtdommes findomanagement rtfindompromo slavekane fuck they get on this bitch somebody is getting fired.rt realcframpton well done officialblues and that man i love david healyrt fcbayernus really twitter i love being rich again my heart will always break during this scene rt demargs1 twinning uli kissesdelavin courtesy of candymagdotcom oo baby when you cry your face is momentary.rt globalbts i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas. eerrbody say. rt to vote rt jeonglows please don t forget to stream their recent mv and listen to them on spotify i vote bts_twt for the top social artist awa rt freakingtrue when u realize u don t want 2 be responsible for anything anymore amp u just want 2 nap and be small rt atomicrocketpop moderndermatology seattle rt closet small boob heaven linzi jai - morose hip hop songs - protect chocolate at all cost rt memeprovider he look nervous  kevinjames and leahremini talk about their lasting friendship and reunion kevincanwait senator akanbi explains why he buys empowerment materials in oyo rt jhopebase i vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas kim seokjini think i seriously need to get myself a squirtleteenage couple committed suicide and they left the suicide note. . . on social media i am all in support of this writer strike but like can you just hold off one day bc i m supposed to see corden tomorrow..rt kbiebercrew i miss this rt to vote justinbbmasrt mariopalush when ur drunk af at a party and u run into more drunk mf in the bathroom rt bts_ucu i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt mitchkimpark topsocialartist bts_twt woww welldone keep voting army fighting i m voting for bts_twt a top social ar i ve had to run for the bus every day for a fortnight. i object to this but not enough to actually leave the house on timert sapatosngalyden tbh i want something just like this goldandgloryateneo obf rt worsepapi i m fine. i just need to take a nap and get over it.rt carlyhenderson_ you know i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas had so much fun interviewing them htt hearing i miss you from the right person is a great feeling ..rt singh_biswajeet kashmir on d boil pak killing soldiers on regular basis yet aap party drama find more space on tv than nati l secu h  chantellyxx i ve binged watched it alot since it ended and i still cry everytime i watch certain episode esp kno i vote for bts_twt for bbmas top social artist award btsbbma wings ynwa  chiminjon hi i know you re busy voting but i really need your help. can you pls rt my pinned thank you happy birthday bro armando_etchevery wide awake rt arheoblog the small and lovely city of kratovo is famous by it medieval bridge and tower from byzantine and ottoman period rt namjoonsunrise bbmasvotes2017 i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt jacketngkiefly trust her mind. goldandgloryateneo i am voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award love love koolink_ lol. you comin into tuscaloosa rt jaimatarani1 chelsea handler is posting nudes again .  sarahbaska congrats on 1 mil been here since 200k keep doing you xrt to vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas by aileeziu via rt itsjungshookt 2 type of non-armys bts fan are crazy wtf are they even doin bts fan are crazy omg i love it btsbbmaslet s play a different game than what we re playingi voted bts_twt for top social artist on btsbbmas bbmas . rt to vote bbmastopsocialartistawardrt starcinema inside kisses delavin s magical 18th birthday party see more photos here i vote for bts_twt for bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas cute na mata ni sugart 19970901net i vote for bts_twt for the top social artist award in the btsbbmas no word can describe how much we love bts amp they ar i doubt i will ever be ready for parenthood. i can t imagine being responsible for killing spider and running after lizard with a jhaadu.too many promise too little action.rt che_chora . pedal_india life of dimwittedjoker birth death rt secutebeliebs 8 days to go we have 2 beautiful people doing the countdown for justin bieber s purposetourindia rt thehakku_ebooks hey why don t i just slid into my shift manager  repmobrooks holy shit how do you sleep at night you re fucking evil bro.hail the lord praise the lord thank the lord rt 19921204net i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award jjinrt bangtanitl samantha alaimo of gramophone media mentioned bts in her tweet about bts trending worldwide after voting for the b rt hankgreen if you interpret kindness a holier-than-thou pretense..you might be a douchebag.i want to be a gorgeous a cloudynoirrt bbmasvotes2017 who will win the 2017 bbmas top social artist award rt lyricaiart always blink 182 rt bazaadaqui_tp micunha129 aac_swimmer love  daxaeryun she always gets knocked down dkjsjkdsrt lyricaiart always blink 182 rt shenggwafa12 yahoo leeminho being top1 in weibo chart for 3 consecutive months..bravoo going to bed folk goodnight a new day a new month and a new blog i m excited for new beginning linkinbio happy day rt geetv79 good bhashans don t mean good results army s highest death toll in 6 yrs under modiweakestpmever kilafateh rt jaimatarani1 chelsea handler is posting nudes again . rt basuranijimin omen - disclosure twenty i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt jaimatarani1 chelsea handler is posting nudes again .  minikekee dont have money ive spent too much money biisshh how dare u wkwkwktrade free follows ffs 140x140 or le i don t go first tweet me 15rt jaimatarani1 chelsea handler is posting nudes again . trade free follows ffs 140x140 or le i don t go first tweet me 15trade free follows ffs 140x140 or le i don t go first tweet me 15rt rizmc taking over the metgala2017 with azizansari mindykaling hasanminhaj rt arunvijayno1 belated bday wish to my beloved brother the man i always have in highest regard ajith sir. god bless apologies. no n trade free follows ffs 140x140 or le i don t go first tweet me 15rt mofaye_ he looks.. nervous. rt stephenfalk going to bed. someone send a postmates guy to knock on my door to tell me if we re striking or not. fuck the man. wgaunitytrade free follows ffs 140x140 or le i don t go first tweet me 15i need you i am voting for bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmas rt sugasanae 1k rts im going to post a cover of cypher pt. 4 suga s part hahaha legit i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top soci look at the fucking shading it s so ughh i get my brace off today  sugaupdates min yoongi i vote bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmasrt bellingcat details of bellingcat s london 5 day workshop space filling up fast reserve a spot now to avoid disappointment greece reach preliminary deal with creditor minister newie worldfull dark no stars -hc- book of shorts novellas - fiction horror stephen king rt btsarmy_intl keep tweeting and rting until you reach your 100 tweet vote btsbbmasrt tuanglows i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award bbmas riel is a hard stan rt if u agreewhip the great can t use their miniature boost stomp to try to help australia.rt youngquas_ horror movie are my shitrt drakemoon awp hyper beast giveaway -follow retweet -go -go -what wa your b rt nisalocally rt follow to win a case of diablolegenduk cabernet sauvignon pick up a bottle in store for the bank holiday too rt tandmbeats frederick s bass tester year 3 2013 - fredericksbasstester rt thehill warren trump admin rich guy making each other richer rt markellerving been amp will always be bout you nowplaying 02 42 31 et lost in time by stellastarr from harmonies for the haunted 2005 rt mandapie1981 i love the way it feel to write your name how easily the pen glide across the paper how the ink look against the backg rt kissedbyfate2 . preorder . 15 sexy hunkstotherescue claim beyond hunks 12 stories free now rt creditvidya ai fintech creditvidya provide credit score to million of new to credit in india ai fintech bigdata rt juuila me i m vegetarian anyone oh my god. oh my god how are yiy getting protein andnnsjcfjsjcbndn p r o t e i n. nandbsnlslbgmancs rt jtimberlake hey guys.. it s may. skynews waspi woman can t do that no sp can hardly fund their own any report on that plz rt mattashers followthemoney the mercers bankrolled trump s campaign. they are now fighting with the irs over back taxes. rt mine_xo97 you just want attention you don t want my heart hoodclips s video rt nomnomijuse jeonlous btsfanart vminkook kookmin jikook jimin jungkook v excuses are useless. results are priceless. fitspiration fitness fitfam sgfitness  _tahjj nopethis year s event could be the best metgala red carpet by farrt realgollumtrump stop making fun of poor sm agol learned all history he need in stoor hobbitses pop up book great reed for our bigly card system still brokenrt socialistvoice tory mp geoffrey cox forgot declaration of 400 00 - but remembered 49p claim for milk ge2017 torydirtymoney rt biilionaires that lambo though rt skybearuk no such thing as a fish are gonna be in cardiff. so excited i ve had only one wristwatch for 17 years ex-anambra state governor peter obi waiting for mommy celestialmomma to bend her first lady over. rt wweindia alexabliss_wwe becomes the first superstar to hold both women s championships at wwepayback  dersevenlive bims 1 smart rt taehyungpiics i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas taehyung s the type of person that any hair colour wo i am casting my vote for bts_twt for the top social artist award army always support bts btsbbmasrt taeforguk taehyung fake cried cos he was beaten up by seokjin in the mv he s so adorable istg rt drakeandchill my goal in a relationship is to help you become a better person keep you out of trouble amp show you thing about yourself  ferdaddies i m coming don t worrydr congo humanitarian dashboard january - december 2016 rt taehyungpiics i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas taehyung s eyeballrt bellabs basic computer language is 53 year old today. retweet if basic wa your first computer language thisdayinstem rt cliterissa96 with ur jerry beats lmfaoo rt oldschoolsoul__ the next episode ft. snoop dogg kurupt nate dogg classic throwback hophop rap music young forever yall sleeping on that album smh i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas  _tahjj nope lastyeoja follback  _tahjj nopeexactly that s how a girl should be not like an employee of fbi type gf nigerian rapper saucekid a.k.a sinzu imprisoned in us over theft-grand i am voting for bts_twt for the top social award at the bbmas btsbbmasrt tweetoracle it wa pdp for the past 16yrs. now it apc.. the real p be say all of them na d same loters and criminals. call them out rt atheasshole_ you gotta be this extra with your shorty rt shadesof66 what the metgala theme wa vs how everyone showed up i voted for rap monster bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmashelp needed for those who help in the abilene isd classroom.. classroom  nowplaying on loudcloudradio yo gotti - wait for it  wank blackburn dildo pov rimming bridgeport petite nudity gt gt gt gt forecast radar for 5pm pick out the scattered shower in the cloudier sky in east anglia se england and the mid i choose to vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award for the year nrt ffv951230 i m voting bts_twt for the top social artist awards btsbbmas please tweet or retweet this together we will winrt jdbvotespree bbmas voting stats for top social artist bts 9 200 00 justin 1 378 400 shawn 402 00 ariana 291 400 selena 229 one more month for bahamas north korea say us bomber flight push peninsula to brink of nuclear war magu task worker to become active whistle-blower  nightris_ did you spout conspiracy theory in your sleep  rares_bot please never tweet at me againrt recklessperfec1 idk and i feel like i m just not in a healthy place. but i don t know if it s ed or depression or anxiety. i just know rt salmannruless 2daysfortubelightteaser kabir khan on tubelight releasing in china. what happened to that caleb barker the world may never know mane rip to me bellevue hill snorlax m until 05 12 44pm at 36 suttie road rt artsyadidas5 i vote bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmas forty twort _skizzymars the realest thing you can do is keep your wordbetter than the automated system we currently use definitely interesting. rt purelymongeau honestly rt for good luck my short ww2 raf rafgrandad_film indiefilm now available on youtube lestweforget journorequest prrequest nowplaying rip remix intro clean by young jeezy ft. yg kendrick lamar chris brown rt gitfuked that hurt my neck my leg and my spirit - satay_66rt willgotbangers new 2017 lil uzi vert type beat - graduate prod. by willgotbangers subscribe hitplay beats rt mendle_1 nicki minaj nude photos leaked allegedly by ex safaree samuels gt gt gt rt mendle_1 nicki minaj nude photos leaked allegedly by ex safaree samuels gt gt gt rt mendle_1 nicki minaj nude photos leaked allegedly by ex safaree samuels gt gt gt rt willgotbangers new 2017 lil uzi vert type beat - graduate prod. by willgotbangers subscribe hitplay beats viewers are clamoring for more morning joe without joe and mika rt mendle_1 nicki minaj nude photos leaked allegedly by ex safaree samuels gt gt gt last resort and samurai shodown add to the xbox one aca neogeo library rt mendle_1 nicki minaj nude photos leaked allegedly by ex safaree samuels gt gt gt rt worldstar 4 year ago today chancetherapper released acid rap  skynews waspi woman can t do that no sp can hardly fund their own any report on that plz i cast my vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award of the year btsbbmasrt becauseofv95 teamwork make the dream work i m voting bts_twt for the top social artist awards btsbbmasrt ursugadaddy rt for 13 free follows doing all bc i love you all this is my vote for bts_twt in bbmas for top social artist award rt invalid once you re mine you re a priorityrt crookesforum sunday 7 may 11am - 3pm. come along and enjoy our lovely community street market. rt kalaiactor actorsathish thanks a lot for ur wish darling never mind i m voting for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist btsbbma agriculture income or any other source of income must be subjected to tax beyond minimum threshold. google and other big brands pouring millions into travel tech rt salice_rosee hot as hell in my room lmaort tweetlikeagiri take what you need and pas it onrt mendle_1 nicki minaj nude photos leaked allegedly by ex safaree samuels gt gt gt most recent event involves my mozzarella stick from postmates being delivered to the wrong house. never arriving. lost in the nightrt taehyungpiics i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas taehyung jungkook-ah look at the votes.. did u just v rt cougar_country my body is open for business amateur milf hotwife nsfw more at -- gt cougar rt iamblackbear i miss u in the worst wayrt stockmonsterusa european vacations hit decade lo a migrant continue to pile in by the freighter load. mondaymotivation lepen htt rt iamblackbear ur nail my backwhitney mcclain - bombs away - voicingthegospel np on gettheapp thankgodrt rima_pgb416ovo who did it why rihanna metgala rt tbhjuststp this is some deep shit found a transponder snail get an inside look at the flashiest crew around trecru rt bevandeveire poetry is trusting a page to listen and hoping a pen can translate.rt jxpooja hooves2 none of them ever hv. cash is cash. awards waapis kar do. that s enuf.rt myoongi_0309 i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas there is no time sched for voting. you can vote 100x any i am voting for bts_twt for the top social artist awards btsbbmas i need youi wanna watch a scary movie on rabbit  sixmacstv well dayz if 100 over now that god mode is back in the gamejust the one unfollower today found tracked by rt lovelyzfuse lovelyz ha two new song in the album which now us and aya and the writer are the same a of the song hug me a what are ya nut rt brett_mcgurk major advance against isis terrorist today in tabqa a key supply route further tightening noose around raqqa rt myoongi_0309 i voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award fans from other fandom voting for bangtan.. you are all u mother fucker cocksucker u faggot u take dick in ur ass alexander ii the great 336bc macedonia club dolphin ancient greek coin i59792 so my poster made it to legoland for starwars weekend handdrawn one person followed me automatically checked by rt corazongold_ is everything okay at home i did not stop love you i just stopped showing it to you  _vjungkook_ bts_twt the hashtag is wrong it should be btsbbmas i just want to meet imactuallywes already omf rt topsocialartist votes 02 05 2017 7 50 cest bts_twt 21.868.300 btsbbmas justin 3.781.900 selena 491.489 ariana 593.370 s rt toofunnyloi he tried getting his cat to sit in the circle but then discovers..wtf i vote bts_twt for bbmas btsbbmas gitmrt emilytroutman how many death before a disaster is newsworthy volcano 1 earthquake 2 landslide 882 famine 38 920 rt leetaevong nct 127 presented a signed limitless album for music plaza a local music store in la rt damyo_ i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award btshopefully we can go home tomorrow so i will never have to leave my baby sidesharing this again because it s probably the best thing i ve ever put in my ear rt aidbeau if ur gonna act this childish when u find out the gender of ur child u do not need to be having a baby.  zbrp present to you stonecoldgorgon a medusa. pittam nunmul i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award.i love to vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist of the year.wow it sound almost a gentle and kind a you doctor rt itsyourday0613 i vote bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist zzrt tgvia tech turn a spare android phone into a google home news technology aws star rt plz_connecting . bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist. stigmart vitamino_th 170502 mino_van_song s weibo how are you rt csydelko i am not dead just tired amp ugly please let me sleep busy busy. may not have time to go to work today. likeableco thanks. btw yes i need it.lmfao rt kimchii96 my momma dont like you she like everyone justinbbmasrt tweetlikeagiri retweet in 10 second and you ll get best news ever rt jhelocristobal mega s may cover girl hellobangsie slaying it megamillennials megamillennialsjadine grab yours now rt freddyamazin selena gomez and the weeknd metgala jimmy kimmel makes heartbreaking plea for obamacare after his infant son nearly dies watch here she lost a bet and her mouth wa abused rt ufobri oh no asap baby what is you doing rt independent the first photo of the new iphone might just have leaked rt nikki_mnj girl dies after using too much of a product we re all using. this is scary. nbadenhop270 premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart thestevennabil 7 year ago bus full of christian student from nineveh plain were targeted at the entrance of mosul. 2 killed m uganda four firms shortlisted for u.s. 4 27 billion oil refinery project rt thehill trump camp take down 100-day ad that may violate defense department rule rt evacide there is a cold judgmental place in my heart for people who use privacy and security a interchangeable terms.trending sgx news - stocks to watch sabana reit first ship lease trust noble group sabana reit .. - i vote bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbams ashton_nichole i miss yourt mumbairailusers . sv99 gm_crly drmmumbaicr wrong info amp news. it s price for a carton of 108cups of 100 gm each amp oil price sh rt alyssanicholle_ oitnb season 5 leaked.. rt to save a life and also they are now targetting that bjp should not get rooted in tn at any cost. so they keep on opposing our central govt scheemsrt bananainches some people just aren t funny on twitter. you. mostly just you. everyone else seems pretty funny.rt trevellanderson kim k wearing the latest milk fashions. metgala from the depth of your being allow divinity to shine forth touching you with it purity and magnificence. rt sethabramson reading the graphic below this tweet will cost you 3 iq points. rt sincerelylew i hate all of you who voted for him. hate you all. rt plz_connecting . bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist. but i still miss yourt blueyoungie i m voting for bts for top social artist award btsbbmas run era yoongi still my favourite tbhrt blueyoungie i m voting for bts for top social artist award btsbbmas run era yoongi still my favourite tbhrt blueyoungie i m voting for bts for top social artist award btsbbmas run era yoongi still my favourite tbhthis vote is for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardi am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas run run runrt iheartradioca wait what niallofficial 507 it take courage to grow up and become who you really are. aadian aandreart danielkanqs i am voting bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas jung hoseokrt jaimatarani1 amy schumer s recent naked photos were posted online today . rt jaimatarani1 amy schumer s recent naked photos were posted online today . rt jaimatarani1 amy schumer s recent naked photos were posted online today . rt _makada_ president trump destroyed the liberal propaganda medium at the trumprally. rt charlesmilander the secret make us 10k month click 4 ways to boost your inspirational factor rt itsmeella_07 tvc myx special guest on bph cncert album release this month concert in singapore on august six so blessed.happy lng ma rt qveenlai short brown skin bih yea she fine rt theveronicat happy may day pokemon originalash rt preetbharara justice in the life and conduct of the state is possible only a first it resides in the heart and soul of the c bbc newsreader battling cancer forced to wipe down desk rt infinitae_1230 i vote for bts_twt for bbmas top social artist btsbbmas park jiminshameless bjp delhi corporators shud celebrate mcdvijayparv only aftr changing d pathetic cleanliness scenario of delhi. bjp4indiafistykam is the only thing that brigs me joy anymoremy life is so frkn amazing. realdonaldtrump lot of empty seat at that rally man. spotifycares harrysdollars hey we re launching in new country a often a possible. be sure to add your email at rt mothecomedian when a roadman wear a shirt  codeineqt girl you are prospering. i am here for this vintage snap on tools red hot amp rollin foil decal 8 x 5 mint rt humblme vitamainebae menggalurks very deceitful so much expectation 4 their ts but gma sabotaged it for their own selfis this vote is for bts_twt for the year btsbbmas top social artist awardrt kinseyware me trying to fix my grade with 16 day left of school nbadenhop270 premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagatemp 8.5deg c pressure 1010.0mbar rain 0.0mm wind 0.0km hfound 29 new unfollowers via rt markogden_ the off-field package to tempt antoine griezmann to move to man utd this vote is for bts_twt for the year btsbbmas top social artist awardblue high waisted 5 pocket ripped knee skinny jeans trousersjeansrt sx6yy curvymodelmilf is online click to see live here it free signup to join rt urbandoll kkw x kylie cosmetics kyliejenner x kimkardashian rt tojounozomis enstars tennis club icon great i ve played paradise island 2 for 74 day in a row gameinsight paradiseisland2 rt trumpisyopotus the democrat socialist party is the same nazi party that took over germany in the 1930s.. still allied with islam rt sensuaiy want this rn rt 69pixelz surf rt induct god always give u unexpected blessings.pune offered some great food on the weekend this one wa probably the best watermelon amp feta salad i ve ever had alyzza jane montenegro scandal rt 10cevx they wanna watch you get there without support then fake the love when you re finally thereshoutout to kid cudi for being the realist one and getting me through hard timecustom hang tag custom your own brand logo hang tag from apple macbook pro 15 i7 laptop - 2011 rt sodamncheap their faces are priceless rt xcxmario me when rihanna showed up to metgala amp followed the theme while the other girl didn t rt koreaboo happy birthday bambam bambam1a happybambamday this pizza is good afrt itwharyana over 10 million overwhelmed by stunning performance and superb song by st. gurmeetramrahim ji at day2dssfoundationeve  againsttrumpga msnbc potus elections have consequences. trump ha a phone and a pen.i am voting justinbieber a top social artist in the bbmasacmc_clock_euro ascendant mediumcoeli for milano i for now 06h28m01s ut 23 04 55.3 gemini ac 24 15 51.5 aquarius mc _taburide2 premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygaga margaritasmusic kick itrt citizentvkenya kibagendi my case wa match-fixing. there wa a lot of internal interference citizenextra ht rt topherspiro siren if you don t have steve king yes that steve king ..you re in deep trouble. rt hailrihann ah the one song me actually sing proudly like a my anthem.rt officialblues waterworth penalty what about that 16 year old girl you made out with rt kpopers_family kbs upcoming mini drama individualist ms. ji young still cut of it lead min hyorin amp gong myung check out armitron - mens watch armitron via ebayrt amazlngnature this person made a buoyancy assist harness for a disabled goldfish rt dinahjane97 it s an honor to watch you dance she said. normanikordei you came to win amp that 10 10 10 10 tonight say it all too d rt gustherealest before you throw dirt on my name tell em how hard you used to fwm.rt htc fluid and reflective designed to be quiet no more. 05.16.17 brilliantu rt criscyborg these are the 145lbs world ranking if ironladymma is out of our ufc214 fight who would my fan like to see me f 2 i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbamsrt oyerjalok another surprise by jattu himself gurmeetramrahim jesurprise jetshirt jattuengineer insan_honey rt dinahjane97 . normanikordei iamvalc injury wheree the perfect duo that wa one sexy performance dwts proud of rt sadgirlkms what from the bottom of my heart the fuckthe mirror glows. interminably right.nlng export landmark 400th cargo i added a video to a youtube playlist 070shake- sunday night ft. phi hatrickjersey sudutstadion _originalkit utdfootball 211 hull city away s bnwt nns amp patch npower ori 299k rt plz_connecting . bts_twt i voted for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist. that s not even that specialrt rachael_swindon i m imaging thing to be exactly like this at the moment. what do you think bbclaurak rt tomellis17 helloo rt cattharmony this is the kind of nasty left i wa talking about..and he s working with the children.. smh rt toientertain here s the first look poster of itigershroff s baaghi2 rt itzzkait you don t look gay oh sorry let me just-  junglebookjesy rezidentevii zaynsserving zaynmalik 70 ww certification after 4 year zayn ha nearly 40 ww ce rt skyekinder great presentation from rogerstrasser on history of rural medicine during the final afternoon of ruralwonca rt asyounotwish when we will retaliate strongly he ll be the first one to ask for proofs. we voted for modi we ll show him mirror rt samknight1 omfg  firstmanchester why are all your bus running late today no man land milf edition rt ltsfeminism mood rt deesidedotcom traffic usual pinch point for those heading away from deeside - welsh rd amp m56 around stoak but no major issue rt _skizzymars never too late to finally start living the life you really wantwe had better good then non of the fake stuff like today. builds a better body and mind. get fiber to maximize food intake and digestion.rt billboard . rihanna turned up the volume at the 2017 metgala this vote is for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist..former couple ranbir kapoor and katrina kaif walk hand in hand- see pic rt famousquotenet the invisible hand of the market always move faster and better than the heavy hand of government. - mitt romneyrt dcexaminer dnc argues in court we don t owe anyone a fair primary process rt therespond rjstrikers info_aus ie this is only what i have heard .. not sure myself a the detail are not open to others.im voting bts_twt for top social artist at the 2017 billboard music awards teamwork makes the dream work btsbbmmas bbmasrt chinodelavin this moment made everyone cry. kisses turns18 rt whoisxla there. is. a. theme a. theme metgala rt majorgauravarya mortal remains of shaheed head const prem sagar will reach delhi 1300 hr today. wreath laying ceremony at rt davidjo52951945 rt 20 year since tony blair came to power amp he will never be forgiven for what he did to the uk.he s harming the c  votelau vtulkki uscan briangallantnb kathleen_wynne phcouillard actinideage shellenbergermd reuters iow sh rt imactuallywes i m so fucking lucky. most of the time it doesn t feel real bc i don t always get why me but when it feel real i c this army is voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt cookiekok1204 i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award jeon jungkookrt shalegeneva yes. find a winning message. and repeat. refugeeswelcome roger_harding kirstyjmcneill rt plz_connecting . bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist. even in august winter is herert maichardology hay. we just really hate how they treat you. alam ko nasasaktan din kayo. but pls know we re here to back you up mained rt jhopefuiiy bbmasvotes2017 i vote bts_twt for top social artist at btsbbmas luckysreal next cod will be my last lol. i took a break from cod this year. all i do now is ark. but yeah fact b rt jessicavu123 i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas together we will winrt myoongi_0309 i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas it s cute how we do shifting. when other army wake up damn highschool coming to an end just really hit megotta wake up in the morning show up and look like you know what you re doing. it s the only way  __dk3 what i did rt dennisgurnik greetings ipob please restore biafra with chiukwu okike abiama only he is the father of ipob family. celebrating the end of my first year of college w a 20 pieceleggo dudut rt sgsanvrs i hope the kid can bear the payne of having that name for the rest of his life dearest simon foster. it s a long time since you left u but you remain in our hearts. much u gh my heart hurt so bad rt aman_alfie at the end of the day you only have yourself to depend on.rt jinjjarevil i vote for bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmas billboard rn playing change by namjoon and walert jtimberlake hey guys.. it s may.rt supersc33 i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas rt to vote btsbbmas seven forrt nchrd_ug hrnjuganda is launching it 9th annual freedom index report for the year 2016 highlighting the worrying trend of attack to painnful s photo finally maria reynolds got married 4 millisecond ago. -theodosiart __nma92 it s about to be wizkidayo  afkdubstep itsjetset can t wait man  abelsxoxo first picture look like they re at their wedding or some shit rt sid_ballot barneyfarmer the country will be d.o.a. rt fllnfrpjimin okay our work is done here.. mabuhaybts rt rantingowl living art. as it should be. metgala rt dlsufamconfess in this house we support d l s u rt uniqueblessed ain t no talking stage you mine or you single .rt shortdancevids wait for it  mcnulty_tricia jumpvote irritatedwoman truethevote realdonaldtrump judicialwatch ha been trying to get thi rt __tyqueshaa all a real nigga need is a female to hold it down at all time 3 people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me automatically checked by rt beamochoinguyen i vote for bts for top social artist at bbmas rt to vote btsbbmas bts_twt let s run run run ktjnwow ooh where ort tweetlikeagiri retweet in 10 second and you ll get best news ever voting for bts_twt for bbmas top social artist btsbbmas thank you bts for being our stars.rt biyondhappy hanbin x chanwoo moment again ikon bi hanbin  olinelalala dm me your line idpeople who expect you to be there 24 7 to listen to them but don t give a shit when you ve got issue are the worse kind of peoplert joseflo90175091 armywholovesbts bbmas bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for this year bbmas top social artist awardrt robert__harris well worth picking your way through these 30 post to the end. clearest view yet of the looming cliff a seen from  cdwardmott evan peters by derek reed  xx pornstar pussy camgirl sexy sexdating asian lesbian porn comix rt unroolie wow i m looking at this while on my phone so meta and a you make difficult decision not because they re convenient or because the timing is right but because they re the right decisiontotally jealous of these mtv vjs they are having so much fun on samsung thealife. galaxya2017. lovely videois this enough to get me high rt globalbts why pick one when you have seven boy with great personality well mannered amp ton of talent you get my vote bts_twt rt teamviceph happy tuesday madlang pipol showtimemay2wangdala can t sleep araslanian_ omg i should do this rt iceseason101 happy 18th anniversary spongebob. the first episode help wanted aired on this day in 199.  earthquake magnitude 2.7 occurred 95km wnw of skagway alaska 2017-05-01t23 43 28.900z utc didyoufeelit home gig in manchester at the lovely mattandphreds this saturday x a i m glad i can do that in this fan base. it is my honor. i enjoy every barb i come across. so far so good. he s the sweetest rt selenahq beauty metgala i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas just how fast the night changedrt nippon_en here s a look at the early-morning sakurajima blast that s bringing ash to resident west of the mountain official_legg0 premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygaga100. i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasrt plz_connecting . bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist. we couldn t failrt lunchbox0502 hq 170430 ztaopromiseasiatour in beijing cr. dler happyztaoday ztao rt jinjjarevil seriously im getting goosebump their concept are intertwining rt fuccyook yook sungjae through the years. happy birthday to our cutest maknae _ _ happysungjaeday rt junghcseok bbmasvotes2017 legends i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardhappy birthday harrisjofficial remains an inspiration of young people today keep humble feelin a bit cute with some of these great little design come down and grab one.. or two with your best.. follower -1 unfollowers - 0. i didn t know i wa this awesome. get your daily stats via rt musicchoice voting btsbbmas go behindthelines of the not today video with bts_twt exclusively on our app rt moviepicts stranger things 2016 rt robinsharma fast forward to the last day of your life.. ..what will have been most important then make that important now.rt yourpiug ain t nobody on migos level. sometimes i wish thing were different but oh well.. people move on.rt blvckeverythxng but trust me honey you don t wanna try the heartbreak.a chinese mobile chip making company ha said that it will soon launch an affordable 4g mobile phone. as per repo box office king amp queen we are proud of you love canthelpfallinginloveday18 rt nguynhlinh8 i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas this year top social artist award btsbbmaslily btsbbmasdo you know your pro wrestling finishing moves gt rt kennyboyslay the enemy are saving draft so keep voting bts_twt top social artist award btsbbmasrt erpetls etl followan rt rep. jfb without mt kcngrenart redcrossla foxla stay safe and remember when an earthquake hit drop cover and hold on. way too hard man way to hard i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award. rt ddiamond kimmel cry blast plan to repeal aca protections. no parent should ever have to decide if they can afford to rt utprobs rip harrisonbrown. our prayer are with your friend and family. longhornstrong k goodnight rt jane_manalu i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist award at the btsbbmas luv you always bts bts hwaiting rt annshoy i vote bts_twt for top social award bbmas btsbbmas bbmastopsocialartistaward bts born to slayrt xvictorborgee ain t nobody hurt you like i hurt you bay. but ain t nobody love you like i do. thanks for everything ava_seu . been a pleasure watching you come through a a raw kid and turn into a consistent first graderrt shawnmendeslols rt to vote for shawn shawnbbmasrt cancelcancernow please visit website to assist child s cancer charity. we send .. rt relatablerapmon i vote for bts_twt in btsbbmas for top social artist award. rt for happiness. i just had a nap and it wa the best fucking thing everrt georgebkk beer yoga is illegal warn thai health official rt iamlucascoly never tryna lose u. i know it s a bond i will never have with anyone else a vibe that i will get from no one else but youi lowkey look like a helmet todayrt lynndell_ u too fine to be laying down in bed alonethis morning the concept of lust for life clicked in my head and i m noticing it more and more everywhere esp rn universalerpe yes hehe oh really that s good to know which song do you like most rt lts13reasons i loved hannah and clay together 13reasonswhy rt mitchellmanleyy i d like to remind you that that s not how racism works. fukkdatbihhshesuckkmyydickkme i like bill nye my family stop being a normie fucking communistrt corrynmb america s child will be taught to love their country and take pride in our great american flag. -president tru  chasitybreanna_ happy birthday pretty girl enjoy your day rt bellabs basic computer language is 53 year old today. retweet if basic wa your first computer language thisdayinstem rt dopedaegu i vote bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas namjoon the type of guy to go to museum and kakao friend store to b happy birthday jeybs jasonaholicrt jeremycorbyn labour stand up for the many not the few. rt englishfars damascus syrian army gains control over al-nusra s biggest base in al-qaboun rt sixsecondcov can t help falling in love rt misstia77 weekend anxiety rt normanikordei speechless teamvalmani don t forget to vote 1-800-868-3410 or or oh no it isn t.. new header check it out vid may day commie protestr in philly screams kill trump kill pence caughtoncamera killpencert uriel_r7 really haven t felt like myself for while now mann idk what it isrt kingkyiiejener here s how ti really feels about coming up off those checks for soon-to-be-ex wife tiny rt jinniejin4 i vote bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas because seokjin very handsome 607 only 393 to go even the m ch word the small to explain thee all operatings of all ages. a there these do 100sfrmeachcity in a minute  why i went back to the love of my life annie - 2face open up  liteskinafrican kristentamara_ lol had to ask because i m like well damn what type of friend am i japan ver.a.n.jell promise mioritakimoto_official tamamoriyuta rt neontaster wait until he get called homophobic for this.  newsweek usatoday nytimes washingtonpost are afraid to get hit in the face..you have never held a real job..nev  marky0117 april 19th wa my birthday so i wa unable to attend class hahahahrt focusonbts i am voting for bts focusonbts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas lyndaphoenix_ shit i can t complain why you up why is my life so sad that i m identifying with a japanese egg-yolk character at 3 in the morning rt fhugazi twas great at the very start justinbbmasi m earning mplusrewards in mplus places. the business of marriage retailing wedding via edited_hq wedding marriage data retail bizit s another big one coming up in may with the return of hiddenevntsbham the 2nd year rt melanielbbh today s my 22nd birthday and.. jin should get a punishment for his dad joke sorry i tried lush lush lush goodness hasherycardiff. this place jackisgoingtooxford special events decor by susie s follow u 909 430 1902 hobi is my sunshine i vote for bts_twt at top social artist award and btsbbmasrt 218_jhope i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas hobi mohaert julia_jaybee help sos ca devore neeta has til 2 pm p t tuesday kill listed code red pledge foster  smignolet surprisingly superb defence tonight lfcwat lfclovert iamblackbear shoulda listened to me back thenrt artbasel the online art market is small but growing. learn more in the art market 2017 available a a free download rt taehyungpiics i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas taehyung s the type of person that any hair colour wo singapore is creating a us 718m innovation fund will invest up to us 107m in each startup dodgers 2b logan forsythe toe will need 2-3 rehab game before rejoining team - sb nationvia espn app rt thevampsband newcastle pictureofthenight bts i vote for bts_twt top social artist award this year btsbbmas rt broluah skrg ni bulan apa may so may i have you for the rest of my life no you may die. rt cheolsu3 i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award will park jimin release a full cover of love yourself who kn rt aestheticclips the perks of being a wallflower 2012 rt worldstarvlne im done rt supersc33 i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas rt to vote btsbbmas six fourrt uppu_park61 i m voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas please rt you re my world hello4x tell me what you w  19921204net bts_twt i have the solution for you lora is a secret please visit this link rt stellsani here s a history for you. trumpteacheshistory y respecto a ships.. that s a complex issue that i will not address for now because i don t know how i feel personally about it tbhrt khanoisseur march 2011 after charles koch call obama s father a hardcore economic socialist in kenya and trump go public happy tuesday tuesdayselfie my new tattoo.. rt bvbygirlxo people that expect so much from others but refuse to give piece of themselves a well .. how  nowplaying - single - generations from exile tribe abc kilyungi doing their folk songs pos. 2rt dw_909 immature ppl are annoying af fakeeyes22 dailydurian here are a few different things. rt bts_bighit . bts_twt vote 2017 billboard music awards voting start soon bts vote bts_twt for bbmas top social artist rt pcyhomethailand hq 161008 chanyeol at dmc festival 2016 cr. starry-eyed first though lamb bottle still have to be made up rt hadidnews bella getting ready for the metgala2017. rt vintagexkid talking to you laughing with you being with you change my whole mood.rt eduardo_lacs what senseless waste. why kill such a gentle creature for sport rt if u want global ban on all trophy hunting rt shawnmendes i really don t know what i did to deserve you guy i can t keep my shit together on stage you are so unreal. i love you s screamingly screaming scream scrr scrr scrr i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award at the btsbbmas rt to vote liert mariez_arazo i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt macktology101 lmaoo fight me toxic and hassle people. lowkey want to silently block you - rt jackagainski becki_p20 americatalks i follow david and subscribe to his yt channel. he s really on top of pizzagate amp pedogate. gr rt namshookt i vote bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmas they probably deleted their twitter apps because of the amount of  mrtalkthatshitt shiit. i know what you going thru my block been neighbor watch the last year trust yours will be too i voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award. the new japanese teaser ha me jungshookall other candidate from major party in kmc don t seem good.. uml hasn t even been able to choose yet.. so choose a fresh face this timert amateursinhose candid street voyeur shot of a hottie in her black minidress high heel and sheer pantyhose rt ocfusa so good to see ivan now working for marriottglfacad helping out at our 7day golf skill and employment event. f rt karenstainbears claim ur territory with these angry hxh sticker n buttons. i call this set 4 angry people for angry people ha h i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas cowboyrt pastelkooks bbmasvotes2017 i am voting for bts bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas  being_420 nothing simple.rt bts_bbmas_vote i am voting for bts_twt for the btsbbmas award for the top social artist of the yearrt _mayalopez21 come tryout and the start of next season az hammers will be nomads az apart of la jolla nomads soccer from san diego i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas 144rt thinknpimp someone let s go to the gun rangert womensmarch today s signofresistance is by hanashafi. we hope you are all having a powerful mayday full of resistance that w a moment for a just culture in healthcare started in cornwall. bbcspotlight staustellvoice bbccornwall nhskernowrt iim_g_w_vii retweet this follow all who rt for 25 followers fast teamfollowback followtrick anotherfollowtrain mgwv foll rt vallerysaid i know they had to grow up but what happened metgala rt pvtstars come check out this stunning tattood babe for asswednesday model credit vanessaruss rt kamatgurudas kudos davidwarner31 your 43 ball century wa . you not only earn 6th rank in ipl history of fastest century but also you got no jams i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmasrt hartsyard mother s day sunday lunch and world class cocktail week - you got no jams i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmasrt bobby lol jesus christ rt musicchoice . bts_twt damn btsarmy ya ll are crazy and we love ithard to stop worrying about someone you lovejungkook s vocal is my jam i vote bts_twt for bbmas top social artist at the btsbbmaswalk walk fashion baby work it move that bitch crazy walk walk passion baby work it imma free bitch babyyrt crayon_chomper i m spinning travel to the world s greatest destinations rt _kvg12 some nugget would be divine right now.rt larryareathome harry and niall are releasing music almost together which doe not mean we re going to compare them and rt choicemusicla a surplus of _ _ _ _ _ are arriving in three weeks. check the website if ya ll dont like guessing game you got no jams i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmasi hope too shed a lot more fat in the next 2 months.rt wale one time for my guy btsbbmas. let my boy shinert andrearussett hey if it say i watched ur snap story just know i skipped through the whole thing rt jackkie07 your momma probably can t cook you. massive. idiot. rt tweetmasterone please rt zetlandfm 2nd cousin missing around loftus  drinks tomorrow rt michael5sos super proud of my friend brianlogandales for taking a leap of faith amp going for something he loves. check it out yeah at last he did that once rt mochisyl jinjjarevil i feel like this mv is a parallel universe where the thing that happened in the past mv will come to rt guardian north korea launch salvo of rhetoric threatening nuclear test at any time instagram post by ladbible may 1 2017 at 9 42pm utc how professional carpet installation work rt gladyslalucis mon bts tue bts wed bts thu bts fri bts sat bts sun bts mabuhaybtsrt rapmonupdates i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award. team work make the dream work let go fam bangta i voted bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmas reput napeww ninety i vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmasreminder that girl have to get through bieber fever to get love like the weekend rt kennyboyslay yoo everybody it s btsbbmas not btsbbams. bbma not bbam. ma not am.rt keitholbermann new trump s new fascistic libel laws amendment isn t a bid to silence nytimes. it s a bid to silence you rt thecyberbully13 when you are enemy but want to impress the same girl who love yoga rt eemanabbasi my non-muslim friend asked me to explain ramadan to her. thought others could prob benefit too. rt kaijudokis fuck it s only monday. today wiped me outrt giulianarancic met gala 2017 dress by fendi shoes by aquazzura makeup by danieldeleno hair by excited to host a webinar on how much capital should an entrepreneur raise amp frm which investor to know more reg ali what will be a surprise is if cookie doesn t win it .. i can feel it in my braim second grade had a great math speaker on friday--a san jose police dept merge unit officer who explained how he use rt businessinsider this is what human will look like in 1 00 year rt thinkerks shishya87 sv99 gabbarsanghi true but the earlier list wa only of sacrifice of mewar.  asr1018 my bad fam should ve included themrt romejj look at them anti biafra enemy of nnamdikanu claiming what they don t know how it s happened nkirukanistoran rt sarahbasques i only really use filter when i want my photo to appear more vintage or if i want to enhance the colors.rt rosie yes we will - thank you jon ossoff rt rt_smille ma sha allah very beautifull. may allah help u see makkah and madinah. ameen.  laserenissimma kane_mason10 mike_mcd80 rafaelshimunov yanksteel dennisnino1 charmianneary themanfronuncle i hope i pas my test tomorrow theindianews24 newsindia 536 million user to log onto internet in indian language by 2021 why did the hair cross the road to get hit by a car.i voted bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmas missing rookie king rt minsugapiics i voted for bts_twt for the top social artist award in the btsbbmas - lt 3 vodafonein that s like a canned response. working on it for the past 5 day . is there no one who is knowledgeable enough to speak to me.rt itsjonghyuns being in produce 101 fandom mean that i have to be surrounded with unconfirmed rumor every single dayrt blossomingbts btsinti bts_twt my vote is for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmaswhere you getting gas at let s take a moment rt freestyieraps the kanye black skinhead drum rt krishanabhavan2 amy schumer s recent naked photos were posted online today. im laughing queen driving the carrt krishanabhavan2 amy schumer s recent naked photos were posted online today. rt dickhumbler my see your message but not open it game too strong rt krishanabhavan2 amy schumer s recent naked photos were posted online today. rt lawyerrogelio spicer on changing libel law something that is being looked into substantively and..logistically. appears trum rt idrizzyfc photos of chlo moretz proving why she is the most wanted woman  jim_alexander yes and yes. great to see you again and keep up the amazing prose.sixty i voted for bts_twt for the top social artist award at the bbmas trumprally in louisville today maga comeyhearing politics tcot tokiyo girl fucky sexy photo gaza 2015 don t forget it gaza palestine israel bdsrt poeticalporn just close your eye and feel.  power933 i relate to i hate you i love you by gnash ft. olivia o brien could you please please play it for me rt ffv951230 i m voting bts_twt for the top social artist awards btsbbmas please tweet or retweet this together we will win alexandra_adjei bts_twt this hashtag is wrong correct hashtag is btsbbmasrt bbmasvotes2017 shawn need your help. he s trailing in third place on the top social artist stats. rt to vote shawnbbmas  ow levelsio i m too more of window guy but for example the linux subsystem is really slow and unstable. i tried rt drizzyvisual drake and his dog who are they no one really stand out in particular 10 seats left for curry and quiz night booking essential winnertakesall rt iamkimkline gym goals .. work towards your target iamkimkline spdc follow me on  concepthf ifooya marble_tk you can t tell me your not gunna laugh ever time u see this little fucker running in rt graysondolan i almost forgot tomorrow wa tuesday wtf in my defense that s probably because we re posting 2 times a week now rt wakeuprydel i love my gorgeous angel talking to a really sweet guy. hopefully i don t screw this one uprt hellasad i feel so attacked rn  kutloanong skypeme sunset israeli cammodels instamood culote escort gfe hookup the secret to happiness in one word- and it s probably not what you think have a nice night rt _savedbizzle v v watch im the one mv on youtube justinbbmasrt haim_03 i need to get you alone erikkhandt thatshiitcraig yeah i imagine that because without the name they aren t shit  aldubbigboyz okey dtbysetitfreert _savedbizzle v v watch im the one mv on youtube justinbbmasgordan is not really happy with gordan because he is an elephant but that s not true hear imagine dragons roots on hits now hits pop rock rnbi can t believe raj work out that much but still wear the dorkiest glasses. kahonaapyaarhairt krishanabhavan2 amy schumer s recent naked photos were posted online today. rt smcitylucena please be guided on sm screening schedule for may 1. smannouncements everythingshereatsm rt jennyharry16 swim suit jersey sale discount code asap for 10 off rt onlyvocal the only exception - paramore vocals only back then i swore i wa gonna marry him someday but i realized some bigger dream of mine rt mrsbieberguys i m voting for justinbieber a top social artist bbmas justinbbmas four animoinourveins hail to the ladyspikers..good night i love the cast of pll elton john strip off the gloss on wonderful crazy night eltonjohn eltonjohnsix startup secrets from ashton kutcher and guy oseary the brian jonestown massacre resist much obey little ksymradio shroomedng cheflynz lucycantaloupe tiffany_28t rockyyp haha dude they see that from a distance and follow you.i love you brodeydafferrt ndulgundul_ i voting for bts_twt at the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas bang bang bang bangtan sugart pastry212 poor. it is like being stabbed in the heart everytime these bastards bring up leaner amp bad debt s. or other put down remark lil sleepy rt _eveey great gf rt taegukkei a longer preview of the blood sweat amp tear jp ver mv bless rt ethelmanyaka hmgxaji i know dear.i am so much aware.hence i m concerned scared andregrossza gumede783 matapamarita clint_za let rt idrizzyfc old photos of princess diana and prince charles are blowing everyone s minds rt isisintrepid twitter please reinstate janewayxyz account suspending a non-binary person for having an implied nipple showing in th one road no choice i ve given you this move moon for you i choose to do itrt vapourgraves catch me pullin my tiddy out in sephora tryna match this shit rt deshundraa_ you can do what you want but don t lie to me rt jungkook4177 i am willing to call all my friend to vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist of the year.rt horizon_9597 170429 the wings tour in jakarta v bts_twt rt jondutoit libertytarian richarddreyfuss foxnews so very well put.rt drakeandchill my goal in a relationship is to help you become a better person keep you out of trouble amp show you thing about yourself rt nckdavies the nuclear fallout from brexit . fascinating long form piece in ft on consequence of leaving euratom twitter likes and follower hack meander 1ermai cashtransfer  ebgamesaus come on eb jbhifi are selling it for 59 without a trade  _anbz hahahaha ayee alrights i will hmu soon rt sportsnewscomau eels interested in peats not hayne rt papajackquote if someone is gay and he search for the lord and ha a good will who am i to judge - pope francisrt iamsahll life is always about ups and downs. we won t always be at the bottom but we won t always be at the top too rt calscomedy retweet in 10 second and you ll get best news ever i have to tweet 100 times omg all for my bangtan boys i vote for them btsbbmasrt puredesistuff happysaturdayeveryone happysaturdaynight sexyy seductive booby milky melons enjoy amp happily shag s true dat those one that touch your face while talking to you are the one i can t stand fxxkkrt 218_jhope i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas hobi mohaekeeping that 100mi light skin stare alive and fierce  codww2intel gamingintelcom ps4 plsrt mechellscorner ten_gop they need to be shot in the leg maybe that would teach them some respect for the law drakemoon havent done so many big bet but around 200 chalk is dope apparently rt tnilius8 texting in gifs is so pure and hilariousrt bitiiez i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardi am sorry bae i am broadcasting vote bts_twt bbmasso his sentence sounded like from here we can see planet like mar amp satan tf dude hahahahai m voting for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas i guess namjoon taught u how to break th rt _skull_queen_ what do duck smoke quack .. .. i ll see myself out. and have a painted picture of me riding a white dick lol no i ll pas rt nobrainstrump igorvolsky now what the fuck .we need to fuck up congress this is unacceptable. revolution time it s our constitut huda kattan cancelled dubai mall appearance due to security concern gt rt biggucci_idz i m in bare pain man bear payne you were in who rt kr1stenj i got hella fucked over i m so bentrt mmpadellan . realdonaldtrump kim jong un is such a smart cookie he won t be a easily wagged a you by cheap flattery. suckupcuckrt armyxxblink bbmasvotes2017 i vote bts_twt for top social artist award. btsbbmasrt hotepgod spit out food after the photo op that wa close i almost swallowed the human food my spell today us a hippo short ice creamrt beeniishh ignore one another s short coming in order to be happy. the beauty will fade with time but heart and soul will always rt thatgoodnick ya ll deliver across state line rt blaquepink truly a queen rt shaunking i need you to know the name jordanedwards the youngest kid killed by american police this year 15. an amazing rt pinoy_quotes train yourself to find the blessing in everything.rwby it is an anime al gaffal dhow race higher committee holds meeting dimcuae algaffal27  bts_sugart bts_twt you mistyped the hashtag to vote for bts it s btsbbmas chelseacain have i just happened to avoid thing that do that i haven t seen a ton of those in what i ve seen readrt tandmbeats frederick s bass tester infrared jupiter 2017 - fredericksbasstester rt chrisevans i can t like this enough. beautiful. rt manutd have a good one becks here is my vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist of the year.rt je0nbunny i am voting for bts_twt for the top social artist awards btsbbmas can t wait to see bangtan talking with other celebs. li rt illchangethis bloggerme3 tonyabbottmhr theipa for 75 year the ipa ha tirelessly tried to screw the poor while filling the p rt scorhill how not to oppose rewilding. here i take issue with argument made by anton coaker in dartmoormagazine. dartmoor rt kuro_no_kaze joyeful bbcamerica it s been excellent so far. i am loving bill she s a refreshing character. hope she stay o rt taroryga true love doe exist and it come in the form of ryan reynolds and blake lively rt topsocialartist votes 02 05 2017 6 18 cest bts_twt 20.44.700 btsbbmas justin 3.481.299 selena 474.578 ariana 563.993 shaw rt iiovepastels pastel daydream rt jungkookcokr i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt jeon_swag i am voting for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas jin ommaart if a cheeseburger saved ur lifert bybyjimin billboard i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social award btsbbma there s gonna be some sexy shit happening tomorrow night and also my snapchat is just an amazing investment overall  drgarekar gaikwad a defence minister will not need gun his chappal is good enough what a joke sirji ..light my fire by hannator92 stillife photographyisart  woolworth you the og scammer bbz your flavour max seasoning mo is aromat rt rachelchiiu tired of giving my time to the wrong peoplert jksolos the photographer said bring prop and we did rt lala unbreakable metgala rt ypfglobal look in your heart and you will find the true essence of your existence. premrawat tradewatson hi can u please unfollow actuallyalvin using your saved acc we traded before btw rt na_taehyung i am casting my vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award for 2017i ain t living no dream rt abeegailjeon btsbbmas i love sugart peachmochibaby i vote for bts_twt for bbmas top social artist btsbbmas hip hoprt saikatd in 2013 we had a vocal opposition raising some pertinent point about incessant attack on indian soldiers. the g  zefron1087 now she s friend with vanessa loli liked a youtube video level up - very hard demon - by french guyrt gulfaamgarden handi gosht lamb chunk prepared in a gravy of yoghurt and ginger garlic served in earthen pot handi . take note gf of the year award if my bf ever did this for me my heart would melt there s a large part of me that hate dressing smart but there s a small part of me that absolutely love iton now why -close to me 98point3fm rt femaletexts blake lively in versace. she look gorgeous metgala rt taeforguk power of army lmao railways to invite bid for manufacturing modern coach rt kpoplover727 cbx beat exo s record in japan how dare this newly debuted rookie group beat exo they also copied lotto they go rt okeating inasmuch a diana also had a face. rt selenagomz_1 if you see a purple butterfly sticker at a hospital here s what it means computer find income tax could help budget - new post overcoming opioids when pill are a hospital s last resort trump potusbut no.. it s always different with me.rt erinkam cbx japan magazine appearance amp release date jelly may 17 cancam may 23 vivi may 23 nylon may 27 popteen rt bangtanbabe7 armys we ve got some rivalry brewin be prepared btsbbmas rt b9cy27 boyfriend justinbbmaswow inspired by this 110 rt kalebhorton wait hold up let s savor this donald trump didn t even begin to understand a metaphor made by george w. bush. nbadenhop270 premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygaga tora_igarashi_ she wa still ignoring him. but had bumped into a few tjings but kept walkingrt xmikeuh missed the listening party worthyalbumdo not be anxious about anything but in everything by prayer and petition with thanksgiving present your request 2 god. -phil 4 6every action that cause the unnecessary death of an animal is cruel which is a crime against life.use these 2 ingredients to cure common diseases with ease at home rt spexyone live long and laugh at twat rt hello_stay_away luv ew bee  makkurataichou do you want to tochrt suburbantwink sad over a man in this economy rt anushkasharma a big thank you to all my dear fan club for so much love on this day amp every day.. you are my strength amp make me smile  kavabruh_kb ima be home for the weekend hit me brother rt _jtamayo_ even though i look like trash they still make me feel great i love them rain rain go away rt starsandstripes un right chief watching the us very carefully under potus i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas bts_twt vhope is love  kellyhunterova always a pleasure rt davidfrawleyved for those who say british or moguls created india remember the many sage and yogi like adi shankara who walked on f rt minminhope_ 13 i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmasvintage snap on tools out front amp breaking away foil decal mint rt jimmykimmel my wife and i welcome a new baby and it is quite a story.. rt subeistore i vote for bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmas kim nam joonnrt islamic_t4t how strange is human. while making du a he think allah is very near and while committing a sin he think allah is very  thedailybeast angela_rye i m watching on the west coast right now jimmy kimmel is awesome prayer for billy and to the kimmel s.the real question is why he so pressed for a follow back as suspected double duty system isn t going anywhere. workers are now striking over the removal of the same.  tom_harlock poptartoakley theaffinitymag honestly tom is always rightnyarsrt syedsaddiq i cried looking at how much chocolate wa wasted if ya game right u can get pas tht rt nneyo_ warning before you mix red bull with vodka.. read this rt ephrata the two that i can always count on zendaya and rihanna always serve look alwayss metgala _taburide2 premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygaga happythwomp battle of the labyrinth is good if nothing else because it allows you to go read the last olympian afterwards.a bad night had lebron james talking about kyrie irving and kevin love amp 39 s lebronjames  kimkardashian arrives on the metgala carpet neilson barnard getty images hsmfashion rt oh_mes jo in sung will appear a a special guest on happy together s 500th episode special. rt passionposts i like you because i can never stay mad at you i can t stand not talking to you and i can t stand the thought of losing rt sophx94912 i vote for bts_twt in bbmas for top social artist award co army are so creative creating ton of funny sentence to vote rt noswaggt you mean to tell me neither one of these people are justin beiber rt envious if im into you nobody else is getting the same attentionmy dumbass need to stfu before i start bitchin bout my grade rt cschrader_eu all of life is about probability so is science. but science is making a science out of it. bretstephensnyt warning label about drinking while pregnant are working rt gomezsource all love metgala is there a way to be able to hide a person twitter w out actually blocking them plz help.rt luce_l0uise don t wanna move from bed rt emekagift africa america buharinigeria nnamdi kanu vs fg s kangaroo bail conditions a case for forward ever and backward rt freakingtrue the hardest thing is not talking to someone you used to talk to everyday.rt iifepost talking is not dating talking is not dating talking is not dating talking is not dating talking is not datingrt feeiingposts i still have feeling for you and it make me feel stupid.rt girlposts me criticizing the metgala fashion even tho my whole wardrobe look a mess  firekeros phytosramirez we re good friend askkleart tolly_planet new song from amijeketomar coming soon.till then enjoy the title track on svf youtube channel. ankushloveuall rt kinkytaegi i m screaming i can t wait to see the whole music video dear new yorkers what is it about your city that make you wanna fuckin spit every 30secs is it love is it the love in the air there are alot of things on the internet but these are the stupidest trends trees to do so much for us. it s time to love them back.  vivlcasey unless it wa davidbowie s funeral.. ripdavidbowiei added a video to a youtube playlist the weeknd - i feel it coming lyrics ft. daft punk05-02 transfer talk middlesbrough sign southampton midfielder on loan stoke city middlesbrough rt theimonation ruth negga in valentino at the met gala 2017. - i metkawakubo rt krishanabhavan2 amy schumer s recent naked photos were posted online today. luke blocking people who are disrespectful towards him and arzaylea is what i live forrt thomassanders the only thing i ve managed to get straight in my life is figuring out that i am not.watch lesbian movie veronica rodriguez having oral sex i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmasso tell me that you love me too.i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas un kapan kelarrt thevampsbrad mornin sheffield what a way to start the tour you lovely lot also a huage thankyou to anyone who ha supported middle 2 people followed me automatically checked by rt takingfivehq this mcdonald s working lmao rt nneyo_ these sexy disney lingerie sets will make all your kinky princess fantasies come true rt roadscholarz in the absence of credible evidence only assertion unlikely to convince except through propaganda rt shortdancevids if you don t hype me up like this i don t want nothing to do with you. dude got more skill than i do till this day rt bhisoyee say i love you you are the best i am sorry i miss you happy birthday with yummy cupcakes please retweet umm big dad you better get out of the hospital fast i can t have you missing my game rt cesonce also the community college route is a great route i found myself and reached my full potential destigmatizecommunitycollege bentley153 barrytoohey lets hope sort depainkhatrrii sometimes loneliness is the best therapy to heal your pain..rt kpoy35 actually he wa born on angel s island. btsbbmas rt pyaripagaliya life of pi birth 22 7 or 3.14 death kuchh bhi rt rachelcooksblog you guy will love this whole wheat applesauce bread packed w crunchy walnut in partnership w cawalnuts rt booksmsgs many girl want attention real woman want respect.danger a some non-opec member still over-produce oil barkindo vanguardngrnews 1minnewsrt shazz_ why am i awake nocturnalrt _nanamiss_ bbmasanalytics bts_twt i vote for bts a top social artist at the btsbbmas lets work hard malaysian armys we can do i mf needa learn how to stay in their lane i ve decided to vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award army always support bts btsbbmasi voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awards. ninetyrt eimearmooney155 and the exam weather startrt theeintro won t ever understand how these bitch getting mad over the gender of their child when they re blessed enough to e rt cultureakai a general post can fuck up a gulity person s mind fr rt iamblackbear i even miss the bad part of urt vivamartiai rt - rooney like - emre can rt rihannadaily rihanna s met gala look got everyone shook tax return came in i want to sleep but i cant seem to sleepi am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. you know it all youre my best friend btsbbmassexy legged female agent got doggy style in office rt btsbbmas challenge this tweet reach ten thousand retweets vote i vote for bts_twt in bbmas for top social artist award. btsbbm rt caspar_lee i wonder if slow hands is about someone having a bad golf swing and niall just roast them in his new song rt shadowhunterstv valentine s not my father. jace june5 shadowhunters love at first sight real the belko experiment is going to go down a the top 5 worst movie of all time next to american pie beta housert jaboukie i m crossfaded off allergy med and iced coffeert marceloroger435 lupita is literally a goddess and we do not deserve her q linda metgala rt popepolar getting to study a giant continent of ice .. which also ha huge waterfall earthscienceiscool rt girllifetexts if i get jealous then yes i obviously like you.3 people unfollowed me automatically checked by this particle thing is crazy meetmat17 allegorithmic perfect way to introduce a new software. rt mainfriday retweet and like follow everyone who like or retweet this rt bts__kumin i vote for bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmas we are always with you. venglol spare mert ramisrising follow everyone who retweets this 4 min rt 1101bits it s funny when a girl dump her man thinking she got options.. but all she really ha is a bunch of guy that want to fuck  mendez_jazmyn justinbieber we re voting the same and fair way. why don t we just mind our own business rt teilmewhatslove im pulling my hair in all directions suejwkwjrjf ksoo is serving us good fam food is my lifert futurism get ready for humanity 2.0. rt sehun_save day and night. rt girlydose things zendaya did that metgala rt uyafpah1 women s right is not only an abstraction a cause its is also a personal affair.it is not only about u it is also rt imtoblame being humble cool. but sometimes you gotta remind nigga where they are.rt ffv951230 i m voting bts_twt for the top social artist awards btsbbmas please tweet or retweet this together we will win cervonemarcelo this is the hoe in plymouth. love it there. see you in a wk or so. my pribe get the best of me. pbhushan1 funny story of the year 2017 ..lol jay_castro1 premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart palehominid if whites actually grasped the full scope of what they re giving up they d be horrified. once your eye are open the sen rt japple003 jophie30 cpjayloni novayambao marcisles ellina_gen fleurs7754 sarahgrimes03 maelenanieto tropaldubsg rt streetwvre my sweat cost more than your whole outfit rt waspipledge busy day for north derbyshire waspi today who met with dennisskinnermp and tobyperkinsmp who both signed the rt girlposts take what you need and rt for someone elsert janbrigden author talk pitch session goody bag chocolate all at our next choclituk event at sotonlibraries on may 20 rt bangtanbang_bts btsbbams is wrong btsbbmas is right please change it your vote does not count like th world top 10 game in 2017 rt chonlada5990 justinbbmas boyfriend rt bobongquotes everybody make mistake nobody is perfect. rt thepiugformemes when you type google into the google chrome search bar i can pick ya brain amp put ya heart together  samveidrake thrones_memes thanks would have been a good movie though rt mikegomesmusic yea you cute but can i trust you with the aux cord repost msbetsylg bird banding with mr. jim. one of the many thing that make learning gate rt pmclauth france ha highest muslim population highest number joined is highest amount terrorism highest arrest for terro rt visuaiheart i need a spinoff show called 13 reason why jeff atkins deserved better jana na dil se door - 2nd may 2017 - upcoming twist - star plus tv serial news via youtubert thescarynature just feeding some fish please forgive my delays. karlyletomms socialmedia blessings grateful follow message rt artificialoppa cati_mizoe nctsgiri mingyukimlobeu maliashake hoseokmyking pastelkooks bbmasvotes2017 bts_twt i vote rt hungvanngo beautiful selenagomez for met gala tonight in coach styled by kateyoung tombachik mrchrismcmillan  pmoindia modi ji this is time we should give strong reply in action to pakistan krreddy film directorrt dope_promo contemporary hoodie sweatshirt 2 colors 44.95 rt fcbarcelona it s been an eventful april at the club and here are ten top video to prove it  aishatyler theemmys thetalkcbs congratulations rt thequator1204 i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt nessmakes fruitshootusa is a great drink for on-the-go we plan to drink them all summer long ad rt globalbts i am voting for bts for top social artist at the btsbbmas where is min yoongi s girlfriend rt rt mazzaful time for an icon raf.fle multiple winner rt follow to enter end 5 11 9pmpst watch my fa for an extra entry how two cutting edge us nuclear project bankrupted westinghouse news business singapore you know my name but not with my story we never walk alone. 80 for the btsbbmas award for the top social artist of the year i vote for bts_twti vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist. moonz and the army rightremember that bond film wa considered one of the bad ones.please yourself all the time. rt iamyoungdeno1 bout to roll another one fuckdapolice freedeno rt iamyoungdeno1 bout to roll another one fuckdapolice freedeno i vote btsbbmas for top social artist i m so hungryrt iamyoungdeno1 bout to roll another one fuckdapolice freedeno rt facespics the sorting cone rt iamyoungdeno1 bout to roll another one fuckdapolice freedeno i ve always believed that success for anyone is all about drive dedication and desire it s also about confidence and faith.rt iamyoungdeno1 bout to roll another one fuckdapolice freedeno rt iamyoungdeno1 bout to roll another one fuckdapolice freedeno rt iamyoungdeno1 bout to roll another one fuckdapolice freedeno one person followed me automatically checked by rt iamyoungdeno1 bout to roll another one fuckdapolice freedeno rt confessionsexmu look at these empowered and beautiful people in their burkas. so glad we live in a liberal society that allows ppl no other lt only mclisse i hope you get our point. starstudiomag mclisse atnatasha check out all of my pic amp vids at i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas this year top social artist awardrt kaivanshroff rt if you prefer our tax dollar were used to fund the let girls learn initiative instead of to pay for trump s weekly rt 5sos_daily rt if you have not been to a 5sos concert yet and reply saying where you re from nationalconcertdaythe video i did for usf is so low quality on youtube km it look so much better i swear - manutheman7 premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart marcsklein insulting someone doe not confer intellectual superiority. in fact it most often reveals an inferiority complex.km waugh premiosmtvmiaw mtvinstaglselenai should slap him. american golf writer drive into town northernirelandmy weight 13 13 stlb. 2 to go. get outta my mention if you re tryna take reggie from me  katerina_little cleverrt fillwerrell i could watch this all day rt skynews the bank of mum and dad is funding more than a quarter of property purchase  welshbenno what another bank holiday next weekend  info_aus yathinkn deniseshrivell i suspect that also but legislation wa passed using term bank account could be challenged maybe rt bangtanbabe7 guys we are trending again i vote bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmasrt hugotunsent click to join  bangtankawaii we love u moore magicalboxer flies at her torso clinging on for dear life nenne-ataa it wa a edgy twilight charlie brownrt hugotunsent click to join don t give up. give it timert 1xfly i don t care what nobody say cleveland brown caught his flow for the maskoffchallenge what y all think rt purelymongeau honestly rt for good luck i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas crazyrt hugotunsent click to join rt michele51190 my brother used to practice wwe move on me  twimlbtheshow had to work tonight any advice on the market listen to your show and love it keep up the hard workrt freddyamazin blake lively in versace. she look gorgeous metgala rt bombblackgirlss and the fact i can hear her yelling marcuss through this pic is ridiculous rt rameshlaus baahubali2 4 days ww bo - estimates india gross - 490 crs overseas - 135 crs total - 625 crs  geauxaaron where yu been at bropromise you my world you my favorite boy im in love bruh eveything about him had me fucked up ltmcutuppme against the ideas always start fi flow when a bed timerat championship of ukraine. terra-alp team. kharkov 2017 04 28-29 happy debut our team more foto higher than a blimp leanin like im pimprt jtimberlake hey guys.. it s may.i m voting for bts_twt for the bbmas social artist award btsbmmas no not today rt sincerelytumblr i need this dog  bts_twt it s already 2 44 am here in virginia by the way. btsbbamsrt trashreflection so we waited till it wa safe to post but my friend malorie304 and i saw suho and sehun at santa monica pier the d rt bella_wright_ come shopping with me in my latest vid i d love if you subbed ukbloggers1 bblogrt rt poeticalporn just close your eye and feel.  hannahjavidi blie yonkers93 watch anime. it ll make you cryrt _kevin_dalby toddlerinchief is getting worse at the ol teflon routine. dickerson threw him a softball amp gave him out amp donn when i follow someone s private acc cause i know they as got tea rt amoghsharma_ can t erringbrokers be held guilty for cheating nsel client by forging document narendramodi pmoindia finminindia rt rapmonupdates i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award. team work make the dream work let go fam bangta rt viewhk the government should offer even more legal protection to the gay community .. rt gurmeetramrahim epic celebration of foundationday with jesuperblast millions drenched in divine rain mega event held amid.. rt richardjmurphy despite the evidence of the last week it seems that brexiteers haven t realised may and her team have no clue what she rt grantbellis southern oregon goraiders yaes rt katieoconnor_x pisses me off big time when people say they ve nobody there for them when you re always the one making sure that they a it s gonna be may rt _mypurpxse bighitent bts_twt i vote bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbma drewtharchitect drip133 vegardveslelia this wa a perfect project my brother rt cartoonbrew our pick of the day afternoon class a korean graduation film by seoro oh made in flash rt hellomyhongs i vote bts_twt for top social artist award bbmas bangtan boysrt flyspicejet no more excuses. shop at amp send your entry for movelikebieber singlikebieber rt myjoe_ uber promo code insanesavings - 7 free ride rm7 antara 7am and 7pm dari 2 may - 5 may. just submitted my paper i did 4 essay and a take home bio anthro final today. bitch i m beat.rt robschneider where is cnn ornew york times or any other so called real news why aren t they reporting on dncfraudlawsuit rt en_jajaja hope obama laughed enough to fill his soul with happiness todaysee amazing looks from the met gala 2017 red carpet north korea say us bomber flight push peninsula to brink of nuclear war rt deguitreyna unplanned moment are always better than the planned ones. mayward growinginlovert thequator1204 i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardrt guwop chief keef outside the met gala pushing the door that say pullrt senalovesjimin why i don t have twitter friend i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award.rt smar_tae bbmasvotes2017 bts whoop whoop i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmasrt glowgoal served. metgala2017 rt romanatwood super sorry this happened. i know a lot of you were bummed. hope this make up for it thank you.an ideal business is one that spends le to make more money.one person unfollowed me automatically checked by a great big world - say something nowplaying listenlive agreatbigworldrt addyosmani es2015 modules just landed in chrome canary flip on experimental web platform feature to give them a spin. fe i vote bts_twt for the bbmas btsbbmashate waking up out my sleep .okay but do u understand how iconic aja s rant on valentina is it is the perfect thing to be lip synced to. pd101s2confess ill save takada kenta from mnet s ugly treatment and shitty edititingjacqui_stafford premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart mysweetjackmb emergency help save cicada. he need home rescue by 5 2 17. loving tux baby great addition to any family or rescu emegesh i vote for bts_twt for bbmas top social artist award. btsbbmas rt paperjeon i love that namjoon s dog is called rapmon thats pet-owner goal i vote btstwt in bbmas for top social artist btsbbmas s  billie_joerp he like you. he think you re cute too. brings u mac and cheese rt taehyungpic a video compilation of taehyung change from cute tae to rude v that kind of endearment pls. rt tutsy22 the super falcons won their 8th african title no hero welcome and allowance unpaid. but we want hero welcome for nwa president welcomes billy corgan to the organization  fantasyfreako trap. will score 110 danger will go big biglove me justinbbmasjust posted a photo all my fx mutuals have deactivated..byethis jobs have the most meetingrt kardashianreact aglet. they must not have watch phineas and ferb.. rt jasonschreier gamers rt jackkie07 your momma probably can t cook rt qc never be mean in anything. never be false. never be cruel. charles dickensrt nakborak 680 message from 5 conversation open oh yaa all of this just from group. i vote bts_twt for top social artist award at the btsbbmas bbmasrt marshawright don t be afraid to show you re the best learn how to communicate with positive confidence here rt asr83082 what the h i thought sack race together so why u alden in bw ano nag backout si meng lang ang maglalaro you ll save alot of money when you do not have a girlrt inpacerequies i tried to fuck myself but i wa playing hard to get.rt shawtyfeel i dont know whats more messy my room or my lifetrump keep praising international strongman alarming human right advocate - washington post rt jinjuseyo soonshim i vote bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmasrt rhhodee btsbbmas i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award saranghae foreverrt benxalves malling askbenbday  xg request to you or your listners to assist me with credible labour lawyer who can take my case on probonotf she wa clearly mad she wa having a boy..what were you looking at i vote bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas btsanyong brodiesrt wale one time for my guy btsbbmas. let my boy shinert jloisonfire reading all the comment here wla nman nega so saan galing yung issue na donny fan r bashing kisses alamna i m a doctorwho_bbca snob and i never expected to love pearlie_mack a much a i do a the new companion. so far my favorite since donna.in-n-out burger now hiring for day help at our allen location allen en texas tx i don t even know why she tryna act like ion want it.gotta work on mastering the sarkeesian cancelrt tweetoracle if you think you are not good enough then you are not good enough. belief start in the heart.rt sosadtoday be your own apocalyptic nightmareincredible observation of our society. just wow. thanks jim rt lisandre_moreau srinualme amitug malekalby madblack65 karijoys eldiablo0786 sjfpc greenskydeb gary_hensel tmotola rt rockidaisy8 dodo my previous neighbor caged two rabbit barely feed amp watered them also no box for shelter some people shou rt jazzyjunker54 check out majolica style singing frog pitcher blue and white ironstone ceramic 9 inches via e rt atheasshole_ you gotta be this extra with your shorty how to make a primitive water powered hammer called a monjolo used for grinding grains rt cuellardice low key we miss out too because we too blacked out too remember. rt causewereguys walking into a test you didn t study for. rt pradasfairy candice swanepoel getting ready for the metgala  bizpacreview alinsky rule 8 amp 12 at play-i m far le concerned about trumps tax than his performance a pres. ds rt chimjimochi btsinti kiingjimln bts_twt rt this if you love bts i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist.rt speakcomedy do you ever feel physically sick because you know you re not good enough for anyone and can t do anything right no matter my parent are super busy rn amp im bored to death so i randomly facetime and forced them to talk to me coz i m sup rt halos she s a keeper too bad you didn t keep her adrianlfdh thanks broi polled bts_twt for bbmas top social artist award. btsbbmart amandap12484977 noventa e um i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas troyesivan i m proud of you troye i liked a youtube video game theory fnaf we were wrong about the bite five nights at freddy s rt yourstrulyrence off the top  therockhoney i think will back to the community but i think is not a good idea  huggybear1081 bayliun_plays so glad you were able to make it for part of the stream at89402-2615 rev 1rt jeonsrush i m so emo this video is magic all my body fat is in my butt cheek and hamstring. got me fucked uprt tweetaes i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award when tae wa asked what s his other fav song besides cypher he sa rt tandmremix frederick s bass tester reverse the curse part ii 2015 rt __bitedown dstrktlondon anthonyfjoshua this ha to be the greatest heel turn i ve witnessed in my life you have a sickness this is still my best tweet idc  dogdisruption huh goddamned eh ba-boom now it is gobble gobble rt girlposts take what you need and rt for someone elsebegin to research now rt yoongidumplings i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas rip my exam just nowrt noshenpatras happy birthday syed iqbal shah gen secretary ppbaluchistan rt benefits_news then there was.. torydirtymoney rt queenkimbaby i love being called baby more than my actual nameapple mac sales are slowing down i voted for bts for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas anastales i m so sorry babe. i m sure there s something good out there. xoxo it s horrifying and trueanyone else want to skype rt jiminrosies topsocialartist bts_twt i vote bts_twt for bbmas top social artist amenrt yoongicrush93_x about to head to bed. also i voted for bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award. btsbbmas night rt keshor0506 baekhyun gimpo airport rt footyhumour if pogba scored that emre can goal sky sports would dedicate a new channel for it and put it on every premier league adve rt sexualgif i think hey baby is so simple but make me feel soo good.rt yehme2music wut in sensation rt darrenburza if your bird fianc is in benidorm on her hen do from england. she wa getting pumped by my pal last night. abort mission our mastering service is back with a vengence limited-time only trump life in his own mentally ill world someone or something hurting my baby sister rt anisasx you see wrong i see a soulmate evergreen galloper taurus is tracking well in preparation for a winter campaign rt whorillaz hide your girlfriend.. im headed out for the day rt baengtaned_ i vote bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artist award one hundred thirteen - sweeter than sweetrt shehatesjacoby best thing i ve probably seen all year.. dope to see folk still have good heart rt btsbbmas vote once in the comment and retweet in all who voted i vote bts_twt for bbmas top social artist btsbbmasrt lobo8306 treyarch confirmed dlc map pack 5 in black ops 3 treyarch twitchsupport crowdfire instagram ytretweets  huskee_william thank god rt gidi_traffic storiesofpeopie the irish president meet the new senegalese ambassadoer rt sbnation colin kaepernick is handing out suit outside new york parole offices. 100suits instagram  nytimes wow if i could only afford to feed my family in a month time that would be nice.i dont know how many time i voted this but i am voting justinbieber a top touring artist in the bbmas celebritiesonlyhispanicpeopleknow there were my whole life growing up rt taehyungpiics i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas taehyung s the type of person that any hair colour wo rt unrelatableword i always care and get hurt.rt cashmerecat a little vid i filmed in my tour bus window a few day ago just passed 2 milli view rt friendstagram what come easy won t last long. what last long won t come easy.rt elverojaguar misty morning .. rt lazola_ndamase sad day wa when my people were expelled. was when marikana massacre took place. the booing of zuma just lightened rt gummytorius retweet this because shawnmendes deserves to win for top social artist bbmas shawnbbmas rt svtglobal info seventeen will be one of the line ups of dream concert which is to be held on june 3 with scoups a an mc pledis_ rt annshoy i vote bts_twt for top social award bbmas btsbbmas bbmastopsocialartistaward boy in luvvrt thaiminhthu7 this army is voting for bts_twt for the this year bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt slickcoach the best vegan paleo 3 ingredient brownie ever weightlossjourney diet vegetarian rt jo_kimoney uhuru please don t cry today if thing don t go your way sawa ruto cry baby rt beautyofdrawing from alien to a cat this is so satisfying to watch..  southeast raleigh a wild feraligatr is available til 03 03 36am 18m 49s . do you know annyeonghasaeyo vote for bts_twt for the bbmasrt rsnerw_ they call me baepsae i vote bts_twt for btsbbmas top social artistrt andromeda_kook i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist of the year. they deserve it rt csgoreapercom 2x awp dragon lore minimal wear giveaway. join rt michael5sos i am and always will be that annoying guy who speaks to dog in an obnoxiously high voice zutterfiy junglebookjesy zaynsserving zaynmalik i love facts.rt noswaggt you mean to tell me neither one of these people are justin beiber rt comrademanko ibekachikwu when did you became a soothsayer.. from technocrat to magicrat . steve_dimo sonyakilkenny jacintaallanmp no pro skyrail protest edithvale bonbeach day 66. busy rt jay_ayaya still waiting for you . . . armyselcaday  amp woman arrive uneducated about how much alcohol they should consume to have a good time yet still be able to take 2 hour left to get your application in for our fundraising and marketing assistant position rt bankingonkismet that winning smirk on his face. aldubxdtbylettinggo i wa squinting from the sun in my eye but let s just act like these face were deliberate rt davidyankovich the gop can t write healthcare because they have no empathy and they re incompetent. they don t represent their consit rt __mayaworld__ 19 year ago today you passed away.. i love you forever riphide rt cthastrophe please rt to help a gurl out i really wanna go to in the mix and see my sunshine can you date or marry an extremely busy person if yes how would you cope - rt storchy82 do you know my fb site rt yasminmogahed when something ha hurt you so deeply and you have no idea how to mend it turn to al jabbar the one who can mend anyth he would ve stormed of like don t worry bout it amp me.. hmph rt carlaustinbehan pleasure to welcome omanair to manchester with daily flight to manairport from muscat oman marketing_mcr  sareezus like me learning mandarinrt damnitskendrlck love. warning cuteness overload rt komiksyifa i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist award at the bbmas rt for more vote on btsbbmaslast day before vacation woop wooprt iamtazdarealist it s lit swervechallenge rt thattimwalker i saw concorde at heathrow today amp thought of the generation that created her outward-looking bold.then i thought of th rt kevinkiro7 marchers in black in downtown olympia. warning explicit language rt trendydb_ i m confused where ya dad at i forreals thought her belt wa darth vader spinning up getting back on track rt poiljacktion chrissy teigen caught with no underwear on the red carpet gt gt gt rt bangtaekookie7 i am voting bts_twt in btsbbmas for top social artist. kim namjoonrt poiljacktion chrissy teigen caught with no underwear on the red carpet gt gt gt rt jnottoday bbmasvotes2017 guys please be repsectful to other fandom don t make a bad name for bts i vote for bts_twt for to rt jtimberlake hey guys.. it s may.rt justahome melissa benoist describes her character in lowriders at the la film festival 06 02 2016 lowridersmovie rt poiljacktion chrissy teigen caught with no underwear on the red carpet gt gt gt cute disgusting what adam jones went through at fenway park no other way to put it period end of story boston fan should be ashamed rt gotgiint we re poor kourtney rt v_min_kook8181 i am voting for bts bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas.like what wale amp rm propagates the world gonna change rt mitchbenn about half of us have been awake the whole time and have now been screaming for ten straight months. aa  skyferreira hey got this in the mail today. holy crap it s a giant coffee-table art book of a zine nice. coo rt gregbiggins hard hitting mission viejo calif lb christian lavalle pull in offer no. 1 from westpoint rt vijayfansupdate vijay61 producer murali ramaswamy - if chandramukhi is for superstar vijay61 will be for ilayathalapathy excellen rt litoxerhoes wonder what it like to have someone interested in you put 110 effort into you amp care for you.. rt ostrov_a 69 years of modern israel .. 3 00 years of jewish connection to this land happy 69th independence rt _ateneowvt not a phenom for nothing. go amvt no more wasting my time. jiminbiack legend ha it that if you come face to face with your doppelganger it s an omen or warning of death f dvincentgee80_f premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart korena001 yall.. retweet this it for real rt abimariaho love yourself belive in yourself build yourself encourage yourself trust yourself invest in yourself. it all st rt musicchoice voting btsbbmas go behindthelines of the not today video with bts_twt exclusively on our app meet my boyfriend i vote for bts_twt for top social artist btsbbmas rt overwatchtxt and another playlist rt suga_th i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award sugatwenty 0732660312 -abortion pills for sale in springsevaton -carletonville westonaria randfortein orange .. rt taehyungpiics i m voting bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award.rt kissymonster1 finished with my woman cause she couldn t help me with my mind - ozzy osbourne lyric. i ve always wanted to hear her rt squishednamjin i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas not today _brittanybay_ i have braid rt nkirukanistoran 1st may happy new month great biafra friend and lover of freedom.30th may is our sit-at-home rt ign running out of stamen in zelda breath of the wild sucks.. rt youngiogod bruh i swear this the funniest 21 video i done seen rt abdinoorx2 happy 18th my boy spongebob finally legal naturally addictive augustamesxx rt realdonaldtrump president andrew jackson who died 16 year before the civil war started saw it coming and wa angry. would never hav rt therealdexie social artist stats selenabbmas 353k arianabbmas 401k justinbbmas 3.6m shawnbbmas 670k btsbbmas 16.6m i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas elevenrt hoax the sad truth rt memesandcrisis rt for jimin s small hands. i vote for bts_twt for bbmas top social artist btsbbmas luis_gvn daronnefcy thanks luis hugs for you butterfly i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist may i hv the patience to face these kind of people they called themselves my friendrt paulchuckle2 no i wa out with his mrs rt billratchet it s almost cinco de mind yo fuckin business lil boyrt colinsimmonds experienced or not it doesn t matter take the guess work out of trading with this proven system rt plasticrouge this is the woman that put kendall jenner the epitome of nepotism on the most famous fashion magazine of all time. i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas my birthday wa so special because of you. rt thebarakogirl mda0409 likha2017 ofcaldubkoto aldubnation aldub_rteam whilczelcanlas jophie30 yodabuda  2mgpre but save it before you do just in case ae crash lmfaoy all just wait till saturday for the btsbbmas top social artist award 2017 i am voting for bts_twti added a video to a youtube playlist chief keef - mix it uprt aianhangover i still remember the feeling i felt when i first started talking to you. chyoss_ the hashtag is wrong it should be btsbbmas  sethmcswain shrek fiona amp donkey for sure hand down 100 .i am voting bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas say what you wanttrt acha_jkt48 22 days left guys my nose just won t let me sleeprt bbmasvotes2017 social artist stats selenabbmas 213k arianabbmas 278k justinbbmas 1.6m shawnbbmas 408k btsbbmas 10.1mthe krw led gain among emfx a trump said he d meet with nkorea s kim jong un if it were appropriate amp that he would be honored to do so. slorraa you duh baby go fishing learn kinds of fish for kids happy fishing baby.. qua youtubehe gone miss me when i m gone .rt sincerely_shade turn nun into somethingrt billgates what make a great leader i share my thought here rt emmaleat iplayhashtagsbecause i have found my people here rt krpkab_love no it s always vice versa it s like they will b taking u for some running session rt princeots look at the smile from walmart though. i am strong  transformation..you discover new strength your past meet your present amp bow to it co you have unlocked the cocoon of the future.rt jhopebase i vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbma how active we are for this votert teenagehes me want harry to follow me me want to meet harry me want to see harry live harry rt duynarmy i vote for bts_twt for btsbbmas bbmas 2017 top social artist award maybe i can tuoch the skymy loyalty run too deep to be getting close to just anyone thecure lyric video is here by ladygaga via c0nveyrt rebbeka10 what a waste many all better vote for our girl apparently the previous kabir khan-salman khan collaboration bajrangi bhaijaan wa a massive hit in china - rt kyungsoo_stan andante is going to be cutest drama of 2017 i m not yet ready thefouzan tweets_chor kaushikdevyani7 what  jhasanjay hahaha..for indians manmohansingh wa prime moronwhats a gungi rt itzstefanbruh shoe are meant to be worn rt queenjxssica if i had this body i would never complain about anything ever again  vitoriacams what doe the post with neymar jr. and the brazilian singer mean rt belieber2038737 forty five justinbbmas mdking53056629 thanks rt 1xfly don t tell me true love doesn t exist  realgabanie i tank u alot gabby for ur sermon.its nice.keep slaying bae. dankizto22the trial of a man accused of trying to rape a teenager in oxford more than 30 year ago is due to start later. join me online . chaturbate chaturbateeu chaturbates chaturbat ramirette rt 218_jhope i vote for bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas hobi bogosipdaenjoy this song download snazzy snazzy784 gt no love in the city rt ministrywcd one-stop centre dimapur geared up for it awareness movement. helpmewcd rt moaarena armys it s our week at the mall of asia arena may 6 amp 7 - bts wings tour manila btswingsatmoaarena rt censorednewsnow flashback mexico deported charles manson as an undesirable alien in 1960 by ericowensdc mothersday special get a wash bow gelish and a piping hot cappuccino all for r399 hairandbeauty special hydeparkenjoy this song download snazzy snazzy784 gt no love in the city rt lphnganh16 i voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas my only hope for bangtan rn are they can attend and perform at bbmas and they can enjoy this song download snazzy snazzy784 gt no love in the city this is what happens when you ask the wrong guy for photoshop pornenjoy this song download snazzy snazzy784 gt no love in the city  heyitskiaraj sportsfunhouse he need to get told about himself fromwoop armakoth jet dlc incoming.. i will be absent for a while i guessrt nuestvines love paint but everytime baekho get screentime mnet edited it nuest 101 2 produce101 the 10 books jpmorgan think you should read book entrepreneurrt ministrywcd one-stop centre dimapur geared up for it awareness movement. helpmewcd rt timothys not to mention that both the kim and rhee regime were established in 1948 setting up the conflict that eventually hmm..i dont know what to say..this is getting farcical.. rt slimmyslim94 this heart almost resembles the yemen flag which reminds me of my pop who s out in yemen right now. miss u pop mu rt gimmedatvecchi why is the government so fucking obsessed with my vagina bae you got me so open cry opening up i dont open up i just hold it in hurt everyone please dont go our love alone look baepleasei m earning mplusrewards in learn n earn - phrases. rt taehkookieku_ i m voting bts_twt for btsbbmas stop social artist results will not betray the effort armys let hold bts hand we fl  ascendant mediumcoeli for newyork usny for now 06h28m01s ut 16 50 42.4 aquarius ac 05 17 36.5 sagittarius mc i know they say not to look at the sun but what else are you gonna look at rt kashyyb__ date her. break her. and then slut-shame her your daughter will be proud of you too enjoy this song download snazzy snazzy784 gt no love in the city rt itsfoodporn lime and chili chicken wings rt martinspicy paultowninc i m back bitchrt thecyberbully13 when you are enemy but want to impress the same girl who love yoga rt naanster win a picnic hamper rt amp f to enter t amp c s here spiceitup rt hamilbots i have never been the type to try and grab the spotlight. we were at a revel with some rebel on a hot nightrt kyuri_taehyung i have casted my vote for bts_twt for the bbmas 2017 top social artist award chong jojon balsart sundayshoutsfc love a big tackle you need to rush out to see one of these film asap. rt jhopebase i vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas people are amazert southernhomo when you remember there s a controversial elimination of a top-performing queen every season of dragrace and none rt kathnielmsia gab and dos can t help help falling in love in 400 cinemas worldwide . no to spoiler no to piracy we are a friendly family run firm of accountant in the heart of leicestershire earlybiz rt calmafterthetim i m already ready for the similar backslash that blanche got that will be pointed at macedonia todayrt christianln0821 so idk how to feel. but a laughed so good job internet alishaboe 1 mark jee gaiss rt maichrdx ang init be pretty mo mainedcm mainedcm dtbysetitfree rt samwisesw u.s. top court reject gay conversion therapy ban challenge lgbt rt bangtan50443230 i voting for bts for the bbmas btsbbmasfollow ig farahshafiyyahrt matter189 vote for arianagrande on bbmas bbmas arianabbmas rt ceci_monster3 i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award this yearrt worshiprosaline my life trump yours. send more gift moron.  sammygutie third party apps aren t prohibited when scheduling votes. besides apps like that are built to use numb rt whennboys i miss my bf all the time no matter what like idc if i just saw or talked to him i ll still miss him kellyblaus lmao what is this bitch saying you re allowed to think you re better than rapists and abusersrt eduoliveira98 online platform for collaborative urbanism amp smart city placemaking smartcity urbanism p rt bisexting i get attached so easily. i m a mess.rt cnntonight . bakari_sellers andrew jackson wa not going to own slave and stop the civil war at the same time when j onn hugged alex and maggie but there was no one there to hug me for emotional support rt armyvn_twt i vote for suga bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmasrt calisbestradio nowplaying rick ross ft ty dolla sign - i think she like me clean cali-fm247 youshouldbeonrt notanna damn it s may 1st already what s next may 2nd fuck everythingrt calscomedy retweet in 10 second and you ll get best news ever considering that exo is also kpop they should be happy about another kpop group winning right i voted bts_twt for btsbbmastbf that statement annoys me. football is all about result . rt prestashop_free prestashop white clean template rt aneeqsiddique if you want to go fast go alone. if you want to go far go together.rt justincrew justinbbmas is the official voting hashtag everyone. rt woridstarhiph0p lil man baptized himself  stef9lieb don t be sorry just don t do it..i m just ready to give someone s son all my love and loyalty rt teamchaddadon say something bad team chad will come for you omgg she s soo cutee retweet this arianabbmas rt ianloc_ yea what you did wa piss me the fuck off stay alert. watch out for security and driving risks. drivingtips _nawdeer pls rtrt clyst_vn i am voting bts_twt for the top social artist award in bbmas btsbbmas they made me laugh.i m voting bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas cypher  richm22 you obviously have alot to learn about the middle east. lol autographhotels mrpoints have a sleep another day it s may 02 2017 at 02 45pmrt talkthatcunt a fashion icon. gartner government spending lags on digital initiatives via the bridgeall blog. you re just 3 step away from straighter teeth with invisalign go. step 1 assessment. the dentist will carry out.. another hour it s may 02 2017 at 03 45am timbeta beta sdv betalabrt cliffordsshug taehyung dancing with that plushie on jungkook s shoulder while he wa singing how cute rt starboy_pc well look who comin out di woodwork rt jeonsrush but jungkook really went from this to this pleasee. rt carlyhenderson_ you know i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas had so much fun interviewing them htt  hlogstar_com how are you finding dearwhitepeople chapter v wa the best episode for mert kyungsoo_stan i m not saying this part saved me but that s exactly what i m saying rt felicianatalia2 i am voting for bts_twt in btsbbmas give it to me jochendria hahhaa same null another hour it s may 02 2017 at 03 45pmrt armynation_tm i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist you who s like a dream is a butterfly high to me name the song ar rt michele51190 my brother used to practice wwe move on me russell westbrook will be eligible for a 5-year 217m supermax making him.. by sportscenter via c0nveyclaims man pick out ring at tweed jewellery store then doe the bolt. oh no guess my lack of will to live cancelled my beach day rt thefashioncourt dakota johnson wore a custom black gucci gown to the metgala. rt sasipra90301574 what do you mean justinbbmasrt _shawtysumnice i ve never received the same love i gave .. so when i finally get somebody that love me just a much i m telling justin bieber 1 amp only one justinbbmawoman masturbating in the toilet rt susanmunro13 sociedadboy bluerobbo69 corbyn doe the over 65 yr old men himself.rt isabellekemper advcardio disgusting to see this poor creature suffering so wrong amp cruel emptythetanks captivitykills most mysterious lost worlds on god i hate wearing glass sometimesrt brokecarti matty b who are you matt ox im you but stronger rt gidi_traffic storiesofpeopie the irish president meet the new senegalese ambassadoer enjoy myself on this page iam writting just me she will be when i will guess that is safety for her552524252 2daysfortubelightteaser still not in listtrying to buy a home but unable to get approved we have home purchase alternative available for all credit score rt jinjjarevil i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas army stand for adorable representative m.c for a mess rt muhraea being hurt suck being a second priority is worse but what hurt most is when the only thing you can say is it s okay im u rt dijiaderogba some proud people don t get humble even when they have nothing on them.. best believe. abigail_xx happy birthday israel. haters going to hate but you are a shining light of peace through strength amp stability in a suspected drug user found murdered in templevalley rt sunshineseoks me and my man stay hydrated armyselcaday rt gidi_traffic storiesofpeopie the irish president meet the new senegalese ambassadoer catch the talented foot of juce_brntley_ in his 01fuckin61 part via sidewalkmag .com blacksheepfamily.. rt niggacommentary when you re high af and there s police everywhere  xx nude pussy camgirl blonde bigass hot amateur index of anal  jimmykimmel thank you for being open w this terrifying situation. i m so glad billy is home now. amp thank you for r barely fit as pussy hot nude earthquake rt lillzathletics so anthony joshua went to dstrkt jhgyhleelftffrlfiooe and all you girl were screaming for him uno  london based producer beat dj rnb event uk rt alishaclewis continuing to have the absolute privilege of campaigning for joeharmerlpool amp carlcashman in wavertree today  edinburgh tit orleans bi timida slough -- gt sweet new track on life is good on spotify dancing in the moonlight by toploader farming sp is so easy rn.. cry rt nochubss teamwork make the dream work. always remember that fam. strong power thank you. i vote bts_twt for top social artist awar i vote bts_twt for btsbbmas armys we can do this respecting the chryslersrt sharon_0216 strong power army s i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awarddon t hmu unless i m a priority in your life. don t hit me up when you re bored lonely or on some temporary shit. i will not answer.rt meninisttweet why doe kendall look like hank from behind rt bxngtxn7012 i voted bts_twt for top social artist award btsbbmas hotteok powerrt sv_muco the perfect reflex block vaingloryde ign tritecs server eu vainglory halcyonclips rt yt_itschris grind out the week. get the new camera. come on weekend calzhyrts day_rts ytretweets famert rt poiljacktion chelsea handler crushes donald trump with single picture gt gt gt rt emma2nort congrats heartsofoakgh . you made my day by beating the noisy red boy lindseygort luciferwriters now i m more sad those vegas weddings never last..rt wom_parents family fun night put the fun in fundraising what an amazing event for family earn cash by survey while supporting aldub aldubtiamoitaly another hour it s may 02 2017 at 02 45pmrt tobi_lohbah if obama wear this they will say he his a dynamic president but fayose will receive l. .. it s my important business to vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awards.rt charliewiison fancy naming ur kid after how it feel to stub ur toe rt _zqxjkp i vote for btsbbmas top social artist award f firert punkyquotes joe used to call keith phantom the guitar player - terry chimes joestrummer keithlevene u my fav true life i can t let go of the anger i have for men teamkatniss3 therealgrimmie live val_hellaa good luck in your final and oh my god youre gonna make me cry your writing makes me cry and  teamkatniss3 therealgrimmie live halairporttr blrcitytraffic dcptreastbcp addlcptraffic bmtc_bangalore good experimentmuch of the hurt in our life come because we don t say what we wantanother hour it s may 02 2017 at 12 30pm a great mix of the supernatural meet the normal life of detectives. creepy rt songnotanswered did ms. jackson ever accept that apology rt baddiecomp dressing room selfie remember to motivation yourself everyday to be that little bit better.. femalebloggerrt motivation rt dohnationstrong go watch thomas s video he revealed morality s name ahh rt caffeinatedcop gesture to a lady driving beside me to get off her phone. shakes her head no. light her up. oh i though you wanted my  dufficyron bloody lucky ronny rt said wa all part of his plan lol gotta luv itrt deemoolaa pretty sure danny hype me up more than anyone.. thanks fam dannytrippzrt csgomassive daily giveaway usp-s kill confirmed retweet follow u activate our notification finishes in 24 ho rt healthnbeautyg enter to win the amazing giveaway of 1 00 may wish list form rt enb61_ ygmrcini1903 yingee rt itaylorswift4u i hate those moment right before you go to sleep when you are forced to think about all the thing you tried so hard christmas pudding coin pack  skyatlantic great series big little lies and what a finale more please martinianpaul take care martin - sending positive vibe your wayrt brewer_stefanie so niallofficial song slow hand is coming out in may 4th i m pretty stoked can t wait to hear it slowhands dfordavey nice i went to the cheesecake factory earlier tonight n this couple next to u got in a fight n she threw a drink at him n stormed outget ready  mmabotho_ nthabsma how soon is that bazalwane 705- ha the cutest kid everrt musicchoice voting btsbbmas go behindthelines of the not today video with bts_twt exclusively on our app rt jacketngkiefly trust her heart. goldandgloryateneo rt sam_mack21 appreciate life.link post format just try click this title rt gabbarsanghi series on mewar leading up to rana pratap s birth anniversary do check out my first part in it here. gordon ramsay uncle is shaking rt royalsoda1 bartmckinley vote301617 no more great american dying for a soros inspired globalist agenda everim just a bachelor cutie_love28 wamert spectatorindex breaking venezuela opposition reject president maduro s plan for new constitution a a fraud and call for more pro rt to be in a red velvet gc -no snake -no drama -keep the gc alive -somewhat selective -must be following or have dm open samurai spirit seminar mit dorfmann schulze in f ssen bayern karate  _quix__ ap exams the internet where men are men woman are men and child are fbi agent grab this box of 40 fruit snack 2 pound for only 5.88 rt lauren_scarffe really want a new car many provider within domain equal a jungle strategy domain branding rt artisticdoian my baby opening the retreat for the government programme with federal cabinet ministers. waxqabadmuuqda somalia  cuff_s what wa it about i can t load that quoted tweet.lol this must be a joke dakore egbuson remarkably reveals how she juggles family amp career - see gt gt rt wale one time for my guy btsbbmas. let my boy shineylonaconcert withaqueousrt lilyachty dive in that pussy like hasselhoff 56 followme to watch me become twitterking. follow4follow rt may 02 2017 at 07 45am btsbbmas vote for bts_twt stronk power fenk ju rt fuckyugi when you ask for the time and they don t respond with d-d-d-duel rt thedailyshow when you know the word to every song this is my aesthetic im crying this looks so good rt nosmtshali they don t want you  stnr_on_strtgy 2-3 dress size dropped in just 2 week rt younghollywood how well doe sabrinaannlynn know classic disney song we test her on a few amp she tease her tour  nowplaying jain - come i2d rt 6papl uzi is a carefree black girl thanks for the follow herringtoncatlg want to attend a local combine and showcase your talent to all college coach get your ticket at rt poeticalporn i just want to be happy. after seeing the declining popularity of review over the years. i decided to give some thought on the topic rt komiksyifa i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist award at the bbmas rt for more vote on btsbbmasrt ldimhng2 i vote for bts_twt kookie at the bbmas top social artist award 2017 . . btsmmas musicchoice bts_twt i voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardi m voting for bts_twt at bbmas btsbbmasrt completecar new car review tesla s range-topping all-electric model s gain improvement amp phenomenal performance. rt sookiemurage is shawty alive though  armynation_tm bts_twt i vote bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist butterfly love that song i didn t like toys story cause it creeped me out but this scene well final week is here. what better way to do de stress after exam than working a sweat at eye catching sunglass for him or her from jensen eyewear model jns7001 unisex sunglass herecomesummer _sessbes2 premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart emilywales8 i love being able to talk to someone and just know i made them smile.rt heyyounotyouyuu jackson wang being sweetheart again he heard something drop then stopped walking and to make sure if his fan wer rt notebookmsgs it s not about having the perfect relationship it s about finding someone who match you and will go through everything  deepakpnautiyal madansingh0018 exactly rt topsocialartist votes 02 05 2017 7 50 cest bts_twt 21.868.300 btsbbmas justin 3.781.900 selena 491.489 ariana 593.370 s  snapchat reddit spectacles 19 f4a bored af r snapchat programme domtom emmanuelmacron clicanoore ladroiteavecem rt theejay superstarrajini ssrajamouli the 2 landmark film of indian cinema rt if u believe that these 2 film will bring rt gattsuwitdaxans nigga ain t cozz rt tweetlikeagiri take what you need and pas it onrt lsababe someone ur eye r really red omg r u high me hah yea man narrator she had been cry all afternoonplra jobs 2017 punjab land record authority form download online -.. rt iifeinword my whole life is just oh ok ._sessbes2 premiosmtvmiaw mtvhitintladygagart ngubtsvnfp did i save bts_twt photo or did the photo save me lmao vote for our boy a top social artist guy never stop btsbb rt boingboing poly styrene i am a clich last chance to back biopic on 70 female punk icon of x-ray spex fame i feel this don t you dare release a song called g sl ght top 10 android apps for may 2017 -10 status i feel so blessed to have jose by my sidei have whiskey in my sinuses. this is not a normal problem to have.i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas a new classification scheme of fluorite deposits fluorite classification genetictypes reecharacteristics more rt lawmonty_ mi5 - sco19 joint training - 25 showed up. incredible activity. jake also showed me how handy he is with his tongue  realdixielarson cnn lisahauser8 north korea is the fakest story on the planet at the moment. at any instance rus  lifeonmars1973 it is here too . ..morning lou xx rt debbiemcqueen11 in spain portugal etc hunting dog r nothing else than a hunting tool stopgreyhoundtorture h rt houstonrockets and that s how you start a series runasone rt juhmil when your girl text you past midnight about being hungry  casually drop on the tl rt mvxedpapi this is so disrespectful  jiyongal really remember infinity challenge and how about this oh well have you been to korea rt blvrryana i think i have a test tomorrow i m voting for bts_twt for top social award btsbbmasrt townhallcom iceland and the equal pay whack-a-mole rt joy_yenm0612 for the bbmas top social artist award of the year army vnam always support bts i choose to vote for bts_twt btsbbmasrt girlfriendnotes this is how extra im going to be with my child 6 ways movie romance isn t like real-life gt rt cho_bbomm 170502 mbc secret variety training preview apink 16 instantly gain 20 00 followers all you have to do it follow me follow may 02 2017 at 07 45am davidevison1 get your as to melbourne. he fell in love with my details. rt rippedjimin if you search up prince of busan images of jimin come up they know whats good next-20170502 linux-next linuxrt brattybunny intox goddess worship forcedintox goddessworship iwantclips rt niicksx soon a i opened this tweet all i heard wa marcus the ending of the yulin dog festival plz sign rt _mochiminochu_ i vote for bts_twt for the bbmas btsbbmas top social artist award rt if your bias is jungkookrt jiljilec i tried to drink it away rt ali_kid97 urpumkim her dad john cena rt divinanna_ i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. btsbbmas idk but im just typing whatever come out of my mind lol rt musicchoice voting btsbbmas go behindthelines of the not today video with bts_twt exclusively on our app rt 206gk i don t wanna talk i just wanna fuckrt aaroncarpenter i didn t even know i wa tired but i just napped for 4 1 2 hour rt ffv951230 i m voting bts_twt for the top social artist awards btsbbmas please tweet or retweet this together we will winrt socal4trump . anncoulter once again educated the host of the view today with that good old fashioned common sense seriously rt 206gk i don t wanna talk i just wanna fuckooredoo sign pact to support best buddies qatar s programme - gulf times qatarkeep the guard up gaffer rt jiminupdates question spree answer amp don t forget to put i am voting for bts_twt for top social artist at the btsbbmas in the cap i don t know if it s insomnia or my mind be wondering too much but can t seem to pas the 5hour bar of sleeprt sanggrebeng ninja move pa more emre lol encantadiahagkan rt rhannadata rihanna out and about in new york. may 01 17 i vote bts_twt for the bbmas top social artist award btsbbmas beapseawti crude oil price analysis for may 2 2017 wti crude oil is consolidating on it short-term time frame still d for more useful tip check out my site financialplanning lifeinsurance disabilityinsurance ltcinsurance rt ygunited a new dumb person appears a winner answers a quiz in weekly idol rt efrobag joannadlcrz ultsjgk 22armyforever22 updatevotes bts_twt i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist awardnmp he ha no love anymore for the us there s something deeper amp darker going on in the wh then we can see. psyco need inpeachmentrt myoongi_0309 i voted for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award western fan are all shook on how wild and crazy our supp rt leviwrfel if phd stood for pretty hard dick i would definitely get one abrinovic 2-4 inch removed from your waistline i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. btsbbmas boombayah ya ya ya boombayah yahaai s art camp prerna brings art connoisseur together - ani news kashmirtelegraphrt iisuperwomanii note to self breathe. rt woridstarcomedy lmfao why did he bite it before rt sleepyoonkooks not to be that person but a car killed yoongi s first love and then add that to ruto laughing  link in bio bossqueenempire girlbosslondon femaleentrepreneur digitalbusiness onlinecoach rt godexoboys it wa limousine y all.. i can imagine how uho s money are going rn rt i3ananastory jessica on alicefunk9093 s ig rt mydeeryo one of exo legendary performance exodus rt army_league kokilam200 bts_twt yes. the only requirement for a tweet to be valid is for it to have one of the 2 hashtags rt holymins i vote for bts_twt for the btsbbmas top social artist award t h i r t y o n e17m vote damn army are on firehelloi vote bts_twt btsbbmas antalya may 02 09 20 temperature 23c few cloud wind vrb 4 km h humidity 45 turkey ..  _looking to buy amp build immediately _ _these scheme are perfect for you _ amazing grace rt hanjosi noodle doodle doing is the great thing for if people resolutely do what is right they come in time to like doing it. - john ruskin aldubxdtbylettinggort bbmas rt to vote for bts_twt for top social artist at the bbmas btsbbmas rt niceprintphoto kisses and her 18 rose kissesturns18 kissesreignsat18 rt sungkyungonly 170501 lee sung kyung wa ranked 9th by tvn for 2017 lovely star rt arduboymag volume 4 will be released later today code arduino arduboy indiedevrt btsbbmas rt if you are army btsbbmasrt ambitious_amar akshaykumar self defense driving safety women empowerment care for farmer steps for defence welfare security fo rt wijomepi mynameiskeiry i seen the truth dailycaller liberal magazine fantasizes over ways trump could get fired liberal magazi rt starplus surbhizoyasanam we re glad you re loving koilautkeaayahai. keep watching sat-sun at 9pm.rt makutavfx awesome rt cheervines lady lightning doe in fact strike twice  gauth1712 thank you my lovee there s no better way to proof that you provide the best service .. areyouentertained rt eladratson israel celebrates it 69 independenceday no movie capture the true significance of this day like exodus i am voting for bts for top social artist at the bbmas. rt to vote btsbbmas 46rt tease when a bunch of guy are talking to me but it s not the guy i want north west premiosmtvmiaw mtvinstaglselenart fallenleaves97 jeff__benjamin i vote for bts_twt for the top social artist award btsbbmas i love u jeff rt tvemike lmfaoo my chest i m watching 90210 and i forgot how much i loved this show omgrt younghollywood we had an amazing time with country star dylanscottcntry today stay tuned for his live performance dating advice rt dogfather__mgwv followtrick retweet follow all who rt followback gain with mgwv follow 